Digital Humanities Clinics - Leading Dutch Librarians into DH Michiel Cock
m.p.cock@vu.nl Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, the Netherlands Lotte Wilms
lotte.wilms@kb.nl National Library of the Netherlands, the Netherlands In 2015,
an initiative was started to set up a Dutch speaking DH+Lib community in the
Netherlands and Belgium, based on the example of the American communal space of
librarians, archivists, LIS graduate students, and information specialists to
discuss topics ‘Where the Digital Humanities and Libraries meet’. At the initial
meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about
digital humanities and were not (yet) in the situation where they were able to
offer expertise on the subject. On the administrative level, the directors of
the libraries participating in the consortium of Dutch academic libraries (UKB)
also expressed the wish that librarians become more fluent in DH. A year later,
the National Library of the Netherlands (Koninklijke Bibliotheek), and the
University Library of the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam again concluded that
librarians at their institutes who wanted to get involved in DH needed more
training to adequately support researchers and students in this field. Therefore
both institutes joined forces to develop a set of clinics on DH for librarians.
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries. We see
this as the ideal opportunity to provide these educative sessions not only to
our own librarians, but also to the academic librarians of other Dutch research
libraries. In essence, we want to teach our country’s librarians the ins and
outs of DH in order for them to take up their natural role of facilitating and
supporting research and ideally become the research partner needed in DH
projects. The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological
competencies and technical skills in DH, for a diverse group of librarians,
consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills.
The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to
researchers and students, identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that
they could address by self-directed learning and (perhaps) to automate their
daily library work. We are not setting out to turn them into programmers or data
crunchers, but want to boost their knowledge level to where they feel
comfortable providing information about DH projects, follow the literature and
research, follow online tutorials and hopefully take up the challenge of
finishing this professional development by engaging with the DH community. In
order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working
Out Loud - principle(Williams, 2010): Desk research about what being a DH
librarian entails (e.g. Hartsell-Gundy et al., 2015; Mulligan, 2016; also see
the Zotero library of the LIBER Digital Humanities working group); Identify
possible subjects, based on experience, a comparison of existing teaching
material related to DH (e.g. The Programming Historian, the Digital Scholarship
Training Programme at the British Library and Columbia University's Developing
Librarian project) and the TaDiRAH taxonomy of research activities; Get feedback
from researchers on possible subjects, based on the knowledge and skills they
feel librarians need; Get feedback from librarians on possible subjects, based
on already known gaps in their knowledge and skills. With these in hand, we will
design the curriculum of clinics, based on the method of' constructive
alignment' (Biggs et al., 2011), to make sure that the intended learning
objectives and the teaching / learningactivities stay aligned. Our plan is to
organize a maximum of 6 clinics, each one full day. Each day starts with one or
more lectures by researchers, that address the conceptual knowledge needed. The
afternoon sessions will be devoted to the hands-on training of skills, following
the Library Carpentry model as closely as possible. By having researchers
provide the lecture sessions, we hope to fuel the enthusiasm of the librarians
with the inspiration of direct contact with researchers and to provide access to
a network within and across universities. With these clinics, we hope to
initiate a stream of DH activities in Dutch universities, making access to
support easier for new digital scholars. The poster at DH2017 will present the
curriculum, its position in the international context and offer the lessons
learned from both the design process and the first clinics. We welcome
discussion about our efforts and the possibilities of applying this in other
contexts. 

Emperor Norton Joshua Abraham Norton (c. 1818 – January 8, 1880), known as
Emperor Norton, was a citizen of San Francisco, California, who in 1859
proclaimed himself "Norton I, Emperor of the United States". He later expanded
his pretense by claiming to be "Protector of Mexico" as well. Born in England,
Norton spent most of his early life in South Africa. After the death of his
mother in 1846 and his father in 1848, he sailed west, arriving in San Francisco
possibly in November 1849. Norton initially made a living as a businessman, but
he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice. After he lost a lawsuit in which
he tried to void his rice contract, Norton's public prominence faded. He
reemerged in September 1859, laying claim to the position of Emperor of the
United States. He had no political power, and his influence extended only so far
as he was humored by those around him; nevertheless, he was treated
deferentially in San Francisco, and currency issued in his name was honored in
the establishments he frequented. Though some considered him insane or
eccentric, citizens of San Francisco celebrated his regal presence and his
proclamations, such as his order that the United States Congress be dissolved by
force and his numerous decrees calling for a bridge connecting San Francisco to
Oakland, and a corresponding tunnel to be built under San Francisco Bay. Long
after his death, similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco
– Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube, and there have been campaigns to
rename the bridge "The Emperor Norton Bridge". On January 8, 1880, Norton
collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont (now Grant) streets and died
before he could be given medical treatment. Nearly 30,000 people packed the
streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral. Norton has been
immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain,
Robert Louis Stevenson, Christopher Moore, Morris and Goscinny, Selma Lagerlöf,
and Neil Gaiman. Norton I, Emperor of the United States, photograph, c. 1871 –
72 Declares himself emperor Emperor Joshua Norton, in full military regalia,
circa 1880 or earlier By 1859, Norton had become completely disgruntled with
what he considered the inadequacies of the legal and political structures of the
United States. On September 17, 1859, he took matters into his own hands and
distributed letters to the various newspapers in the city, proclaiming himself
"Emperor of these United States": At the peremptory request and desire of a
large majority of the citizens of these United States, I, Joshua Norton,
formerly of Algoa Bay, Cape of Good Hope, and now for the last 9 years and 10
months past of S.F., Cal., declare and proclaim myself Emperor of these U.S.;
and in virtue of the authority thereby in me vested, do hereby order and direct
the representatives of the different States of the Union to assemble in Musical
Hall, of this city, on the 1st day of Feb. next, then and there to make such
alterations in the existing laws of the Union as may ameliorate the evils under
which the country is laboring, and thereby cause confidence to exist, both at
home and abroad, in our stability and integrity. — NORTON I, Emperor of the
United States. The announcement was first reprinted for humorous effect by the
editor of the San Francisco Bulletin. Norton would later add "Protector of
Mexico" to this title. Thus commenced his unprecedented and whimsical 21-year
"reign" over America. One of Norton's undated proclamations In his
self-appointed role of emperor, Norton issued numerous decrees on matters of the
state. After assuming absolute control over the country, he saw no further need
for a legislature, and on October 12, 1859, he issued a decree formally
abolishing the United States Congress. In it, Norton observed: ... fraud and
corruption prevent a fair and proper expression of the public voice; that open
violation of the laws are constantly occurring, caused by mobs, parties,
factions and undue influence of political sects; that the citizen has not that
protection of person and property which he is entitled. Norton ordered all
interested parties to assemble at Platt's Music Hall in San Francisco in
February 1860 to "remedy the evil complained of". In an imperial decree the
following month, Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the
U.S. Congress: WHEREAS, a body of men calling themselves the National Congress
are now in session in Washington City, in violation of our Imperial edict of the
12th of October last, declaring the said Congress abolished; WHEREAS, it is
necessary for the repose of our Empire that the said decree should be strictly
complied with; NOW, THEREFORE, we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General
Scott, the Command-in-Chief of our Armies, immediately upon receipt of this, our
Decree, to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress. 

The Beast I was thirteen. It was spring, the barren time in March when you can
not be sure if it is really warmer, but you are so desperate for change that you
tell yourself the mud at the edge of the sidewalk is different from winter mud
and you are sure that the smell of wet soil has suddenly a bit of the scent of
summer rains, of grass and drowned earthworms. And it has, because it is spring
and inside the ground something is stirring. I was wearing a yellow linen dress
which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it
flattered me. My shoes were white and I was concentrating on keeping them out of
the mud. My father and I were going to mass — my mother did not go; she was
Protestant. My father put his hand on top of my hair, his palm on my head, and I
could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm, so dry and strong.
When I was a little girl, he did that often, and called me Muscles. He had not
called me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time. I could not help
arching my back a little, I wanted to push against his hand like a cat but the
instinct that comes with being thirteen, the half-understood caution that makes
a girl timid, or wild, the shyness told me to just walk. I wanted to feel the
rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek, but I was too tall. I
wanted to be seven again, and safe. But I still wanted to push against his hand
and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove, that secret
animal. Instead I went into the church, took a Bulletin, dipped my finger in
Holy Water and genuflected. The inside of the church smelled like damp wood and
furniture polish, not alive at all. My father took off his coat and draped it
over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove.
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of
the leather. It smelled like March. We walked back through the school because it
was drizzling, my father tall in his navy suit and my shoes going click on the
linoleum. There were two classes of each grade, starting at the sixth and going
down to the first. The hall ended in a T and we went left through the gym,
walked underneath the bleachers and stood next to the side door, waiting for the
rain to stop. It was dark under the bleachers. My father was a young man,
thirty-five, younger because he liked to be outside, to play softball on
Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation. He stood rocked back
on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his
pockets. I thought of bacon and eggs, toast with peach jam out of the jar. I was
so hungry. The space under the bleachers was secret and dark. There were things
in the shadows; a metal pail, a mop, rags. Next to the door was a tall
wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar.
There was no holder and the end was jagged. On the floor was a wrapper from a
French Chew. They were sold at eighth-grade basketball games on Friday nights.
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker, the long
space stretched far away. I heard the rain and the faint rustle of paper and
smelled damp concrete. I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my
pocket, feeling the soft leather glove. There was a rustling on the concrete and
the drizzle of soft rain. I wondered if anyone ever went back under the
bleachers, if there were crickets or mice there. The rustling might have been
mice. I wished the rain would stop. I wanted to go home. I made noises with my
heels but they were too loud so I stopped. Something else clicked and I tried to
see what it was but couldn’t see anything. It wasn’t as loud as my heels. My
father cleared his throat, looking out the door. I imagined a man down there in
the dark, an escaped convict or a madman. It had nearly stopped raining. In
fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs. I heard a noise
like paper. My father heard it, too, but he pretended not to, at least he didn’t
turn his head. And there was a heavier sound, a rasp, like a box pulled over
concrete. I looked at my father but he didn’t turn his head. I wished he would
turn his head. There was a click again and the rustle, and I could not think of
what it could be. I had no explanation for the particular combination of sounds.
No doubt there was, some two things that happened to be making noises at the
same time. Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I
was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me,
but it was only the rain on the eaves. 

Wikinews interviews meteorological experts on Cyclone Phalin File photo of
interviewee David Titley. Image: David Titley. Cyclone Phailin has winds that
have been measured at 200 km / h, as it surges over land will it begin to lose
strength? Yes, all tropical cyclones are driven by high heat content waters.
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land, the moisture source
is removed and the storm begins to dissipate. As of the last advisory, T C
Phailin has winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has moved inland, headed on a
northwest track. That is a Category 3 storm. The forecast is for a continued
decline in strength to a tropical storm within 24 hours and a tropical
depression within 36 hours. However, there will be very heavy rains and flooding
along its path. Yes, it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this
swirling system moves from being over ocean to being over land. This occurs for
two reasons: As it moves over land, it is cut off from the source of energy
driving the storm [which is] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface;
Increased friction - the ocean surface is much, much smoother than the land
surface. Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy called latent heat,
which is released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form
rain. As tropical cyclones make landfall, this energy source is cut-off and they
rapidly lose strength as they move over land. Yes, the Cyclone is almost certain
to lose strength as it surges over land. Cyclones gather their strength through
scraping moisture and heat from warm ocean water that it is not the case over
land. In the mean time, much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their
strength. Yes. All tropical cyclones lose strength once they make landfall.
However, they can remain dangerous storms due to very heavy rains and subsequent
landslides, and river flooding. Phailin's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes
inland. Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose
strength. However, and this is important, it still will contain lots of rainfall
making flooding an almost certainty. File photo of interviewee R Saravanan.
Image: R Saravanan. A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of
India left 10,000 people dead. Is the Indian government well prepared to deal
with this cyclone? I have not followed that aspect of the societal response for
the present storm. However, historically, there have been several events that
should cause a societal response. Hopefully, we all learn from past mistakes.
The history of strong cyclones and death in the region is notable, with at least
5 large cyclone events in the past 35 years with 10,000 and as many as 300,000
people killed, millions left homeless and estimated damages as high as US$ 10
billion. I don't have enough information to answer this question, one way or the
other. From all the press reports that I have read, the Indian government
appears to have taken the threat of Cyclone Phailin very seriously indeed. The
government has been much more pro-active in preparing for this cyclone than in
the past. The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly
accurate. Mandatory mass evacuations have been carried out, which is essential
to minimize loss of life in these situations. Unfortunately, extensive property
damage is bound to occur even with the best preparation. My knowledge of the
responsiveness of the Indian government to this storm is purely from the cyber
space. I heard that they orchestrated the largest people evacuation to a natural
disaster in Indian history. This shall be applauded given the size and strength
of Phailin. I visited the damaged area of the 1999 storm near Bhubaneshwar in
the summer of 2012 for an invited symposium and summer school on tropical
cyclones [...] sponsored by the Indian government. Given the living standard and
residence of people living near the coastal areas in this region, the evacuation
is certainly necessary and essential to save lives. I cannot comment directly on
how the Indian government was prepared for this cyclone. However, the news
reports (BBC etc.) were very encouraging in that the authorities were reportedly
making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population from near the coast and
areas that are prone to flooding. Water is the main killer in these storms. From
all reports that I have seen, the government was well prepared for this cyclone.
For this question I don't know the 'preparedness' of the Indian gov't to deal
with this. 

Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming
General questions What is Heaven Sent Gaming? Heaven Sent Gaming is basically me
and Isabel, I'm Mario J. Lucero. And, I'm Isabel Ruiz. And, together we formed
this thing, it's sort of like an entertainment team. We started it basically,
because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we
had going on together. We were coming with comics, like, left and right, we were
coming up with things like Karis, in high school she came up with that one, I
came up with an individual story called Thad's World Destruction and, she wanted
to illustrate it, and so, that's the way we ended up doing it. Yep, we like to
just make our own original content, and, yep, that's what we wanted to do. How
did you two meet? We met back in high school. In this private, tiny-tiny private
school of 50 students. But, before hand in middle school, I kept on hearing
about this guy named Mario, and he kept on hearing about me, this girl named
Isabel. And, everyone, all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would
say," Hey, you'd get along with him really well." So before hand I kinda knew
about him, but I never met him. And one of our friends, our common friends, he
introduced us during study hall, and we just kind of hit it off from there. It's
true. Who else is involved in this project? Currently, we 're in talks with
people. There's Jeff [Drake], who is behind the camera. Right now, yeah, he's
helping us right now. We 're talking about doing some individual web series,
video series. Josh Kindig, he's coming on board, he has some ideas for that too,
he wants to take over "aywv" and do more gaming news. There's of course Jason,
who is our editor and he's the one who writes dD. Digital Domain What is your
purpose behind this venture? Well, back in college, back in Collins College,
Isabel and I, we had met like she said at Sandia View Academy, and we went off
to college together in Arizona; and ... (how do I best explain this?) Basically,
she came up with a few class projects, and I came up with a few class projects;
we started working with a few of our friends, and colleagues and whatnot. Those
included Drew Cass, Devin Thurlow, people like that. She had several ideas, and
she used to draw a lot in the sketchbook, she used to have this thick sketchbook
that she used to carry around with her everywhere, where she'd draw these
different characters and whatnot; and she was always really shy to show that off
to people, and I wanted to help her show that stuff, and I wanted to bring it
out to the world. I was a writer, and she always liked my writings, so I was
like, let's just get both of our things together, and let's get this done. And
for me, what I want the purpose to be, is to inspire people. To bring a little
more light to the world is what I want, out of all of this. And what was the
verse that we have? First Corinthians 9: 25? Yes. Yeah, exactly. We just want to
be able to bring, like she said, bring light into the entertainment and into the
media industry, specifically is what we do. Yeah. 

The future of the peace process in Israel "The future is only peace. The problem
is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for." Shimon Peres
image: David Shankbone. Mr. President, as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as
one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel, do you still think
that there is a future to the peace process? The future is only peace. The
problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for. Why do I
say peace? Because when you look historically, at the development of humanity,
most of our lives we are living on the land. The history is written with red
ink. The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land, either
defending it or extending it, because that was the main source. The land, the
natural resources, the markets, all these go together. The minute the land was
replaced by science, what is there to fight about? Armies cannot conquer
science. Customs cannot check what a scientist has in his mind, they can see
what he has in his pocket but not what he has in his mind so it’s uncontrolled;
it means that borders aren’t important and distances aren’t important. How do
you approach the difficult challenge of talking to the Palestinians when, in the
end, they don’t want Israel to exist. How do you come to an understanding to
make peace possible? Well, what is the problem? I mean, is the problem national,
say between Jews and Arabs; or is it a matter of generations between an old age
and a new age? You see, the terrorists are protesting against modernity. They
think that modernity may endanger their tradition. They are simply afraid and
hate modernity. They consider modernity as their enemy, but then they have two
problems. First of all, can they exist on tradition? They cannot. Sooner or
later they will have to enter the new age. All the talks about nationalities,
etcetera, well, the new age has very little patience for history. History is
becoming more and more irrelevant. How do you feel about that? Well, I
distinguish between two histories, the spiritual and the material. Or the
history of events and the history of values. The history of values is okay
because wisdom is ageless; it doesn’t grow old, like material. But events are
totally unimportant for 2 reasons. First, the event is unimportant. Tell me,
what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the
Alps, when you can have helicopters? Why should I bother my children with all
this nonsense? What sort of a nose did Cleopatra have? God, I don’t know! You
can invite people to war over noses, but nobody will go to fight for noses any
more. On the other hand, there are already machines that can replace our memory.
Why should I bother my child with memory when he can buy a computer that will
remember everything you asked him to remember? The waning importance of history
Isn’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from
memory? Although a computer can have … No, no. Forget memory. Look, the new age
is unprecedented. When something is unprecedented, it means it doesn’t have a
past, doesn’t have a history. It’s totally oriented on the future. And whoever
dwells in the past, doesn’t understand the future because the past is full of
prejudices, of commitments. It arrests us. And then you say you won’t commit a
mistake, so you’ll commit new mistakes. It doesn’t matter. `` I say brains is
the greater producer of wealth, not oil. It’s limitless, and you’ll see that the
GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis’. So they are 3 times larger than us
and they have all the oil in the world. We have brains." — Peres, on whether the
Arab states' oil wealth will eclipse Israel's prominence in the region. What
about the adage, “Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it”? So they
will make new mistakes. Mistake is inevitable as long as there are human beings.
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition;
it’s built on mutation. Don’t you think Darfur is repetition? I think Darfur is,
again, the last, or among the last battles between old and new. What are they
fighting for? What are they killing killing killing over? They don’t carry
futures. It’s not a mistake. It belongs to a past. It doesn’t have a moment. I
am sure that the reasons for war are over, even though still there are wars
which are an inertia from the past, a continuation that doesn’t make sense. I’m
answering your question. The problem is how to enable the whole world to enter
the new future, including the Arabs. And there are already Arabs who did it.
Look at Turkey, who is knocking on the doors of the united Europe. Why? It’s not
a geographic endeavor, it is an intellectual endeavor. They say you can be
Muslim and modern. 

Scientology defector arrested after attempting to leave organization Saturday,
October 9, 2010 Recent reports have revealed that a defector from the elite
group within Scientology called the Sea Org was first persuaded to travel back
to a management building for the organization in California, where he was
interrogated by an attorney for Scientology and then arrested. Daniel Montalvo
in September 2010, after having left the elite group within Scientology called
the Sea Org. Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of
Scientology, written by Marc Headley. Image: Mark Rathbun. Daniel Montalvo, 19,
a member of Scientology all his life, was arrested after leaving its elite group
the Sea Org. He was released on US$ 20,000 bail on Thursday. Montalvo was
charged with taking hard drives and a zip drive from the Scientology
organization after leaving the Sea Org group. The Sea Org requires members to
sign a billion-year-contract, agreeing to work for the organization founded by
science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard for multiple lifetimes. Members of the Sea
Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income, small diet provided and
significant time invested in work per day. Montalvo had read an article in the
Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine, which attacked high-ranking
defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun. Montalvo
had known Devocht personally, and came to the conclusion that the claims made
about him in the Freedom article were lies. Montalvo was subsequently motivated
to seek out information about Scientology on the Internet, and came upon a blog
written by Rathbun. Montalvo contacted former members of Scientology, who helped
him leave the organization and get in touch with Devocht. He traveled to Florida
to meet with Devocht, who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future
employment and housing. According to Rathbun the Scientology property in
question was returned by mail to the organization by Montalvo shortly after he
left the Sea Org. Scientology officials have stated they have not received the
materials. After calling the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to
speak with his mother, Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology
attorney, Kendrick Moxon. Rathbun wrote, "Moxon proceeded to lie to Daniel that
the hard drives were never returned, and made a convincing case (not difficult
to do with a 19 year old who does not even know the three branches of
government) that Daniel would be put behind iron bars for a good long time,
UNLESS of course, he returned and cooperated with Moxon and routed out
properly." To "route out" in Scientology jargon refers to the member who wishes
to leave proceeding through a set of interrogative exit interviews while
attached to the Scientology device called the E-meter. According to Rathbun, a
detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff's office was provided with material from
Scientology to build a case against Montalvo. Rathbun stated, "Daniel was picked
up by an investigator in a black car with blacked out windows. Instead of being
taken to a hotel, where he could route out as promised, he was taken to the
Century City Towers. He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a
pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours." Rathbun asserted that
Scientology officials, "... plied the Sheriff's detective with a grand
conspiracy theory, characterizing me as the 'anti-christ' of the church of
Scientology. ... The next thing Daniel knows he's in a cell where he sat for the
next 30 hours." Steve Whitmore, a representative for the LA Sheriff's office,
told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt
with as charges relating to grand theft. Whitmore stated Montalvo left
Scientology-related employment in Los Angeles on September 24. On September 29,
Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff's station where they
claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives.
Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida,
Montalvo "walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in", and
told the police, "everything he did". Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the
alleged crime involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value. Montalvo has
been assisted by former members of Scientology, including musician Tiziano Lugli
and actor Jason Beghe. Rathbun requested donations via a statement made on his
blog, in order to help Montalvo with his legal defense financing. He described
Montalvo as an individual, "facing the penitentiary in thanks for the following
sins: a) Leaving a lifehood of slavery to get a taste of freedom and the world.
b) Refusing - despite every provocation and incentive and threat - to frame
three guys who went out of their ways (and dipped into their pockets) to help
the kid achieve that freedom." 

Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter's death Friday,
May 8, 2009 Thomas Sam, 42, and his wife Manju Sam, 36, from Sydney, Australia,
are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their
nine-month-old child, Gloria. She died from infection caused by severe eczema
after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy, a
form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience. Articles
in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have
characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery. An example of severe eczema.
Image: Jambula. Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the
parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist. Thomas Sam, a
practising homeopath, instead decided to treat his daughter himself. His
daughter's condition deteriorated, to the point that the baby spent all her
energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin,
leading to severe malnutrition and, eventually, her death. By the end, Gloria's
eczema was so severe that her skin broke every time her parents changed her
clothes or nappy, and in the words of the Crown prosecutor, Mark Tedeschi, QC,
"Gloria spent a lot of the last five months of her life crying, irritable,
scratching and the only thing that gave her solace was to suck on her mother's
breast." Gloria also became unable to move her legs. Mr. Tedeschi also told the
court that, over the last five months of her life," Gloria's eczema played a
devastating role in her overall health and it is asserted by the Crown that both
her parents knew this and discussed it with each other." However, despite their
child's severe illness, and her lack of improvement, the Sams continued to shun
conventional medical treatment, instead seeking help from other homeopaths and
naturopaths. Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used
conventional treatments, but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy, and
she consistently worsened. Allegedly, Thomas' sister pleaded with him to send
Gloria to a conventional medical doctor, but he replied "I am not able to do
that". The parents are also accused of putting their social life ahead of their
child, taking her on a trip to India and leaving her to servants while embarking
on a busy social schedule, and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the
prescription creams they had been given. Gloria was finally taken to the
emergency department shortly before her death. By this time," her skin was
weeping, her body malnourished and her corneas melting", according to the Sydney
Morning Herald. Speaking in the parents' defense, Tom Molomby, SC, said that, as
the parents came from India, where homeopathy is in common use, they should be
declared not guilty due to cultural differences. Homeopathy is a form of
alternative medicine which treats patients with massively diluted forms of
substances that, if given to a healthy person undiluted, would cause symptoms
similar to the disease. Typical treatments take the dilutions, with ritualised
shaking between each step of the dilution, past the level where any molecules of
the original substance are likely to remain; for homeopathic treatments to work,
basic well-understood concepts in chemistry and physics would have to be wrong.
There is no evidence that homeopathy is more effective than placebo for any
condition. 

Australian children suffering from iodine deficiency Thursday, February 23, 2006
Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately
iodine deficient, researchers say. A new study documenting iodine nutritional
status in Australian school children has revealed many are not getting enough
iodine - which can lead to mental and growth retardation. The report's authors
say iodine deficiency is "the sleeper health issue in Australia", and
potentially a very serious one. The results of the Australian National Iodine
Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week,
revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient.
The report has prompted calls for all edible salt to be iodised. They say adding
the mineral to salt is the simplest and most effective method of preventing
iodine deficiency disorders. A cross-sectional survey of 1709 schoolchildren -
aged 8 – 10 years, from 88 schools - was carried out in New South Wales,
Victoria, South Australia, Western Australia and Queensland, between July 2003
and December 2004. Tasmania was excluded from the study - where an voluntary
iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread, is ongoing. The
authors say the results confirm the existence of inadequate iodine intake in the
Australian population. They call for "urgent implementation of mandatory
iodisation of all edible salt in Australia." Most iodine in food comes from
seafood, milk and iodised salt. Professor Cres Eastman, Director of the National
Iodine Nutrition study, and Chairman of the Australian Centre for Control of
Iodine Deficiency Disorders, says it is crucial that children and pregnant women
in particular have an adequate intake of iodine. Iodine deficiency can lead to
serious health problems including brain damage, stunted growth and deafness.
Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using
iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European
countries. "I suspect they won't do that on a voluntary basis, we've tried so
far and haven't succeeded, so we've convinced the Food Standards of Australia
and New Zealand | that all salt should be iodised," he said. The report says the
decline in iodine intake appears to be due to changes in the dairy industry,
where chlorine-containing sanitisers have replaced iodine-containing sanitisers.
Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has been the major source of
dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades, but is now declining.
Another contributory factor has been the decreasing consumption of iodised salt
used in foods. The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised
salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods. Professor Eastman says iodine
is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World
Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised. He says authorities
are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt. "The effects
of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs. So
if we go to the pregnant woman, she doesn't get enough iodine, she won't make
enough thyroid hormone, and the foetus won't get the amount of thyroid hormone
it needs for adequate and proper development of the brain, so you'll then see
consequences being loss of IQ, learning difficulties, hearing difficulties and
other neurological problems," Professor Eastman said. "If an infant's not
getting enough iodine ... brain development won't be completed and they won't
grow normally, and as you get older the problem will be that you will develop a
goiter and your thyroid won't function as well as it should, so that may have
all sorts of pernicious effects upon normal function in life." More than two
billion people around the world live in areas prone to iodine deficiency, and
yet the problem is easily fixed. The World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends
that every country should iodise all edible salt. The most well known effects of
IDD are visible goiter and cretinism, a condition characterised by severe brain
damage occurring in very early life. WHO say Iodine deficiency is the world’s
most prevalent, yet easily preventable, cause of brain damage. Professor Eastman
said he is alarmed by what they found. "Pregnant women in Australia are getting
about half as much as what they require on a daily basis. So that alarms me,
because there's quite serious potential for adverse effects and brain damage in
the next generation of children born in this country," he said. "If Iodine
deficiency is serious you lose 15 IQ points, on average. There shouldn't be
anyone suffering from iodine deficiency in a developed country like Australia."
Lydia Buchtmann for Food Standards Australia New Zealand, says they are looking
at mandatory guidelines on iodine by the end of the year. She says the issue is
complicated and will take time to get right. We need to "make sure there's
sufficient iodine added into the food supply, to help those people with a
deficiency. But at the other end of the scale we've got to make sure the people
who eat a lot of food - we all know the teenage boy who comes home from school
and eats a whole loaf of bread - that those people don't get too much and get
overdose," Ms Bauchtman said. "One of the reasons that iodine is going down is
because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt
during cooking." Senior researcher Mu Li, of the University of NSW's school of
public health, said "it is reasonable to assume that pregnant women and
breastfeeding mothers are also iodine deficient, putting the next generation of
children born in this country at risk of the neuropsychological consequences of
iodine deficiency." 

Athens (Greek: Αθήνα, Athína), is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan
population of 3.7 million inhabitants. It is in many ways the birthplace of
Classical Greece, and therefore of Western civilization. Understand Old Athens
The first pre-historic settlements was constructed in 3000 BC around the hill of
Acropolis. The legend says that the King of Athens, Theseus unified the ten
tribes of early Athens into one kingdom (c. 1230 BC). This process of
synoikismos – bringing together in one home – created the largest and wealthiest
state on the Greek mainland, but it also created a larger class of people
excluded from political life by the nobility. By the 7th century BC, social
unrest had become widespread, and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a
strict new law code (hence "draconian"). When this failed, they appointed Solon,
with a mandate to create a new constitution (594). This was the great beginning
of a new social revolution, which was the result of the democracy under
Clisthenes (508 BC). During the Middle Ages, Athens experienced a decline, but
re-emerged under Byzantian rule. Athens was thriving and prosperous during the
Crusades, actually benefiting from the Italian trade during this period.
However, this fruitful period was short-lived, as Greece suffered badly under
the Ottoman Empire, only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of
independent Greece. Modern Olympic Games Athens hosted the 2004 Summer Olympic
Games. While most of the sporting venues were located outside the city proper -
in various locations throughout Attica - the entire urban area of Athens
underwent major lasting changes that have improved the quality of life for
visitors and residents alike. Aside from the excellent transportation
infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics (from new
freeways to light rail systems), the city's historic center underwent serious
renovation. Most notable among the city's facelift projects are the Unification
of Archaeological Sites - which connects the city's classical - era ruins and
monuments to each other through a network of pleasant pedestrianized streets -
and the restoration of the picturesque neoclassical Thissio and Pláka districts.
The ancient Olympic Games took place in Olympia from 776 BCE to 394 AD. It is a
lengthy day trip from Athens to visit Olympia, but quite interesting.
Architecture Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in
the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State. Although
it had a prestigious past, the city's political, economic, and cultural
importance had declined over the centuries, leaving behind only its classical
ruins as a reminder of better times. With the decision to move the national
capital from Nafplio to Athens, architects and city planners were hired to build
a new city next to the classical ruins, with grand neoclassical homes and public
buildings, large city squares, green spaces, and wide avenues, making a
conscious, decisive turn from the city's Ottoman past. The city regained its
importance in Greek civilization, and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive
cosmopolitan city, with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the
nation's past. The 20th century however, marked the rapid development of Athens.
The city suffered minor damage during WWII, and suffered extensive urban
planning in the decades that followed, as the nation rapidly industrialized and
urbanized. In the 1960s and 1970s, many 19th century neoclassical buildings,
often small and private, were demolished to make way for office buildings, often
designed by great Greek architects. The city also expanded outward through rash
development, particularly towards the west, as its population grew by absorbing
job-seekers from the provinces. With the onset of the automobile, public
officials reduced the city's public transportation services without foreseeing
the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s. By the
late 1980s and early 1990s, the city's reality led to a rude awakening among
local and national officials and, coupled with the country's new found
remarkable prosperity, large scale projects began to slowly regenerate the city
and undo some of the damages of recent decades. Over the course of the next 15
years, money was poured into new transportation infrastructure projects, the
restoration of surviving neoclassical buildings, the gentrification of the
city's historical center and the renovation of many former industrial areas and
the city's coastline. The restoration of charming neoclassical buildings in the
city's historical center has been accompanied by the construction of attractive
post-modern buildings in newer districts; both of which have begun to improve
the aesthetic essence of the city. Athens today is ever evolving, forging a
brand new identity for the 21st century. Climate Spring and late autumn are the
best times to visit Athens. Summer can be extremely hot and dry during
heatwaves, but this rarely happens. Winter is definitely low season, with the
occasional rainy or snowy day, but also an ideal time to save money while
enjoying the city without countless other travelers and tourists. Whilst peak
traffic hour can be a bit smoggy on the main roads, on most sunny days the skies
are azure blue. The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is
because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog
leave. The government's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s
initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better
atmospheric conditions in the basin. 

Coron Coron is in the province of Palawan, Philippines on Busuanga Island. It is
the largest town on the island and has the largest share of accommodations.
Background Coron is both the name of the largest town on the island of Busuanga,
and the name of a different, smaller island just offshore. The area is famous
for its World War II wreck diving, and the site has been named in many lists of
top dive spots in the world. In September 1944, a fleet of Japanese ships hiding
in the harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy. The result is around
ten well preserved underwater shipwrecks surrounded with coral reef. There are
also attractions on Coron Island itself. There are many beautiful white sand
beaches, mostly tiny and surrounded by large limestone cliffs and wildlife.
Barracuda and Kayangan lakes are both stunning locations, and good for
snorkeling, and the island is the ancestral domain of an indigenous tribe who
are managing the island in a sustainable way and keeping outsiders at a distance
and offshore at night. History The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas
who belong to the second wave of Indonesians who migrated to this area some
5,000 years ago. They were a nomadic, seafaring people, living mainly by fishing
and subsistence agriculture. Although they are now sedentary (with the young
using cell phones, etc.), they maintain many of their old customs, traditions
and beliefs. Today, the Tagbanuas remain the dominant if not entire population
of Coron. In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town
was officially changed from Penon de Coron to Coron. From 1939 to the outbreak
of World War II, the municipality experienced the mining boom. Labor shifted
from farming to mining. In July 1942 the Japanese occupied the mining camps and
resumed operation of the manganese mines. On September 24, 1944, a group of
Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships
retreated from Manila Bay. To this day, about 10 or 12 of these World War II
Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in
the world. In 1947, large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron, and
the town experienced another boom, a fishing boom. The population increased, as
many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or
miners. On June 17, 1950, Busuanga was officially created as a separate
municipality from Coron and in 1954, Coron was further reduced by the official
creation of the Municipality of Linapacan. On September 12, 1992, Coron was
finally reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Culion. In the
past, Coron was virtually unknown outside of Palawan. It remains a small, quaint
fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is
growing, slowly but steadily, Coron has taken an important position in the
tourism industry. In the past decade, there has been a rapid influx of scuba
divers and other tourists coming in, making tourism the major industry player in
Coron today. 

Isfahan Isfahan (Persian: اصفهان, also known as Esfahan) is a city in central
Iran, south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province. The Persians call
it "Nesf-e-Jahan", meaning "Half The World". Due to its beautiful hand-painted
tiling and magnificent public square, it is considered to be one of the most
beautiful cities in the world. An ancient town and capital of Persia from 1598
to 1722, it was long noted for its fine carpets and silver filigree. Today,
textile and steel mills take their place. Its architecture, tree-lined
boulevards and relaxed pace make it one of the highlights of Iran. Understand
The city is 430 kmsouth of Tehran at the foothills of the Zagros mountain range.
The city enjoys a temperate climate and regular seasons. Isfahan is located on
the main north-south and east-west routes crossing Iran. The city has an
Armenian Quarter called Jolfa (originally called New Julfa) established by Shah
Abbas I in the 1600s after he destroyed the prosperous Armenian town of Julfa in
Armenia and forced all of the Armenians to move to Persia, mostly to Isfahan.
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part
of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and
Amsterdam. Today the quarter still has many Armenian Churches, an Armenian
school, shops and Armenian residents. Get in By plane Isfahan International
Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti (IATA: IFN) was a military air base before
the revolution. There are daily flights to Tehran and Mashhad in Iran. There are
also flights to Damascus, Dubai, Kuwait and Istanbul. From the Airport you can
take cab for c. IRR 200,000to the city centre. Since most people are going there
anyway, you can always ask people to share taxi. See Squares and streets Naqsh-e
Jahan Square 1 Naqsh-e Jahan Square. Also known as shah square or imam square -
1602 (Meidan Emam). The square contains two mosques, a palace, and the bazaar.
The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen
Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The square is
surrounded by buildings from the Safavid era. This a very popular place for
locals to picnic on Friday and holiday evenings. 2 Chaharbagh Boulevard. 1596,
dating from the Saffavid era, the avenue is the most historically famous in all
of Persia. Meydan Kohne. Shahshahan Square. Mosques Shah Mosque Sheikh Lotfollah
Mosque, interior of the dome The stunning mosques of Isfahan are among the most
beautiful and interesting in the world. 3 Imam Mosque (called Shah Mosque before
the revolution), Naqsh-e Jahan Square, south side. Built during the Safavid
period, it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran, and regarded
as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture. It is registered as a UNESCO
World Heritage Site. Its splendour is mainly due to the beauty of its
seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions. 4 Sheikh Lotf Allah
Mosque, Naqsh-e Jahan Square, east side. One of the architectural masterpieces
of Safavid Iranian architecture, this mosque is considered to be the most
beautiful in Iran. Built in 1602 by Shah Abbas I.= and designed by his chief
architect, Sheikh Bahai. The mosque was designed to be a private mosque for the
royal family and therefore it does not have any minarets. There is a tunnel from
the mosque to the Royal Palace, across the square. 5 Masjed-e Jāmé of Isfahan,
north of Naqsh-e Jahan Square in the old quarter. Started in AD 842, this is the
first Islamic building to adopt the four-courtyard layout of Sassanid palaces. 6
Hakim Mosque, Hakim (north of Naqsh-e Jahan in the old quarter). One of the
oldest mosques in Isfahan. Built by Shah Abbas II between 1656 and 1662. Located
on the site of a 10th century mosque. The portal was covered in mud until it was
discovered in 1956. Palaces Ali Qapu Palace Chehel Sotoun 7 Ālī Qāpū (The Royal
Palace). Early 17th Century. It is forty-eight meters high and there are seven
floors, each accessible by a difficult spiral staircase. In the sixth floor
music room, deep circular niches are found in the walls, having not only
aesthetic value, but also acoustic. It is rich in naturalistic wall paintings by
Reza Abbassi, the court painter of Shah Abbas I, and his pupils. There are
floral, animal and bird motifs. 8 Hasht Behesht (The Palace of Eight Paradises).
1669, reportedly built for residence purposes of the king's harem. Set within
lush gardens which are free to roam if you don't want to go inside the building.
9 Chehel Sotoun (The Palace of Forty Columns). 1647: It is called Palace of
forty columns, as there are many columns, and in Iranian, 40 means many.
Incidentally, there are twenty columns, and these are reflected in the pool in
front, which might also account for its name. The function of this palace was
for holding religious-national ceremonies and royal festivals and for receiving
royal ambassadors and guests. It's Persian Gardens is one of nine inscribed on
the UNESCO World Heritage List. Contains some spectacular battle murals. 

How to Tell a Joke Two Parts: Getting the Material Right Getting the Delivery
Right From one-liners to classic three-liners to the one-minute gag you tell
your friends, a good joke pleases everyone. Joke-telling is one of the best ways
to ease tension, make a new friend, or light up a room. That is, of course, if
you can get a laugh. Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some
people, but for others it takes practice and hard work. Part 1 of 2: Getting the
Material Right Know your audience. All aspects of the joke you tell, from the
content to the length, need to be suited to your audience. What’s funny to a
group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your
70-year old - uncle laugh (then again, maybe not). Everyone’s an individual, so
there are no hard and fast rules. But, unless you personally know the members of
your audience, here are some good rules of thumb to follow: elderly people won’t
like crude jokes; stay away from misogynist jokes if you’ve got an audience full
of women; people of a specific ethnic or racial group won’t enjoy jokes making
fun of their group; and jokes requiring specialized knowledge (of, for example,
science or old movies) will only be appreciated by people who possess that
knowledge. The more you know about your audience the better you’ll be able to
tailor your jokes to them. Choose great material. You can find fodder lots of
places — from your life, joke files online, by repurposing jokes you’ve heard in
the past, and so on. You may want to start your own joke file. You can write
your jokes down on index cards to keep them handy or use a document file on your
computer. [1] The latter option may allow for easier revision. Decide on a
target. Every joke has a “target,” which is what the joke is about. It’s
important that the joke’s target (the most basic element of your material) be
suited to your audience. Make sure it’s a target your audience will be
interested in and something they ’re likely willing to laugh at. [2] For
example, husbands are likely to laugh at jokes about wives and vice versa;
students will typically find jokes about school and teachers humorous. Have a
realistic but exaggerated setup. The opening of the joke — or setup — should
have a basis in the real world so your audience can relate to it, but it should
also include exaggeration because this is what gives a joke its humorous edge.
[3] Think of the setup as the foundation of a story. It’s a fundamental part of
the joke; if you don’t lay a good foundation here, then the punchline won’t make
sense to the audience or they won’t find it humorous. Your setup needs to be
both realistic and exaggerated in order to be funny — it’s placing these two
incongruous elements side by side that makes the joke funny. [4] The
exaggeration can be slight or considerable — it just depends on the individual
joke. Surprise with the punchline. The ending of the joke is obviously crucial.
This is where the payoff comes in, what makes the joke succeed or fail. If you
want to make the audience laugh, your punchline needs to be surprising. Some
jokes also have what is called a tag or topper, which is an additional
punchline. The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a
surprising way. Make the joke your own. Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and
sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told. For your joke to
be funny, it has to surprise the audience in some way, which means it has to
seem original or new. One way to personalize a joke is to change the ending. [5]
Another option is to dress the joke up as a story about your own life. This will
make a familiar joke unrecognizable. It may also make it particularly
interesting if your audience is your friend(s). [6] Know your material.
Practicing your joke is crucial. You don’t need to have it completely memorized
— in fact, you "shouldn’t" memorize it — but you need to be really comfortable
with it, so comfortable that you can continue on with telling it even if you get
nervous or sidetracked, which is very possible once you ’re in front of an
audience. Memorized jokes sound wooden, like they are being read off a script
instead of relayed by a friend or entertainer. Good jokes have a lot of details
and personality, so don’t be afraid to embellish. [7] Try different things out
and see what feels right, what sounds best. Don’t use a joke until you ’re
completely comfortable with it. Try recording your joke on a tape player and
playing it back to yourself. If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or
“um”s, your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more. [8] You can also
try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re
ready for a “real” audience. 

How to Wash Overalls in a Washing Machine Whether you are a working man or just
a little cutie trying to stay cute, those overalls are going to need washing
sooner or later. The straps on adults’ overalls often get so twisted during the
wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead. Your
appliances are also murder on the straps, which are almost always the first
things to wear out on your overalls. This article will show you how to save time
and prevent wear, extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you
could wear them to bed. Steps Wash alone or with "like" clothing. It’s best to
wash adults’ overalls alone, especially men’s. However, it is okay to wash just
a few items with them, like blue jeans. What you don’t want to wash with them is
anything that can get twisted up with the straps, like women’s long sleeve
shirts or kids’ blankets. Think similar clothing, minus the twisty-ness. Just do
the denim and canvas stuff together. Fasten the straps to the bib. If you didn’t
know already, the bib is the top front part with the breast pockets. Go ahead
and fasten both straps before you wash. This will help keep them from twisting
up during the wash. Use twist ties to keep the straps fastened. This step will
reapportion years of your life in the long run. Don’t skip it. Take the 20
seconds to use a couple twist ties on the fasteners to make sure they don’t come
loose. If your washing machine is worth its salt, it will undo those straps in a
heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it. All it takes is
two twist ties and a few seconds of patience. Empty the pockets. Overalls have
more pockets than pants. The bib has a wallet pocket and a watch pocket. Kids
put rocks, candy, and bugs in these. Men put cell phones and small tools in
them. Women defy the laws of purse-space, so when it comes to bib pockets, the
sky is the limit. Make sure all the pockets are empty. Move the strap adjusters
around. You’ve probably got them just the way you like them, but if you move the
adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally, the straps will last longer.
Depending on the adjusters, you may be able to leave them a little loose too.
The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous
wash and dry cycles (not to mention being out in the elements if they are work
clothes). Moving them distributes the wear and tear of washing. This is the same
idea as rotating tires. You know about rotating your tires, don't you? Tips If
you wash your overalls alone or in a light load, use about half the detergent
called for and less water. Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib
when you throw them in the dryer. This will cut down on some of the racket, but
you 're still going to hear them. Warnings The paper-type twist ties will
deteriorate a little, but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout.
Plastic-type twist ties will hold up in the wash, but may or may not melt in
your dryer. Use with caution. 

How to Make Skittles Vodka Three Methods: Single Serving (25 mL Shot) Bottles of
"Skittled" Vodka Dishwasher Bottle Method Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to
add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka. All you need to do is
place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of
vodka and wait for it to infuse. You can then use your Skittles vodka to make
brightly-colored cocktails or even serve it as a sugary shot! Find multiple
methods for making Skittles vodka after the jump -- and soon you'll be tasting
the rainbow! Ingredients A handle (1.75 liters, about a half gallon) of vodka
per bag of Skittles A large bag of Skittles candy (the "movie size" bag) Method
1 of 3: Single Serving (25 mL Shot) Separate the colors of Skittles that you
want to flavor the vodka with. Many people choose to leave out the green, which
is lime if you 're using original Skittles, and purple, which is grape in the
original style, as they can create a weird taste combination or a less than
appealing color for the final product. However, you can put them in if you want.
If you don't mind mixed flavors, you can just skip this step altogether. Add six
Skittles to 25 ml of vodka. Keep swirling the mixture until the Skittles are
almost completely dissolved. Note that the ratio of Skittles to vodka varies
from recipe to recipe. You should experiment to find your preferred mix before
making larger bottles. Filter out the remaining Skittle "insides". With single
servings like this, you can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to
making bottles, if you desire. Method 2 of 3: Bottles of "Skittled" Vodka Pour
out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles. Separate the Skittles by
color. Add the Skittles (20 - 25 per 350 ml / 11.8 fl oz). Let the mixture sit
for a day or two. Shake occasionally so the flavour mixes well. Strain out the
Skittles using a filter, such as a paper coffee filter or a clean t-shirt.
Refrigerate overnight. Method 3 of 3: Dishwasher Bottle Method Separate the
colors from five bags of 200 g Skittles. Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles,
pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a jug and fill each bottle with skittles.
Place the bottles in your dishwasher and put on an intensive cycle. One third of
of the way through the cycle, shake all bottles vigorously. Two thirds of the
way through the cycle, shake all bottles vigorously. Once the cycle has
finished, shake all bottles vigorously again. Then place in the freezer for 2
hours. Once the vodka is cold, it should be syrupy. Take a sieve, line it with a
piece of cheesecloth (muslin) or a coffee filter, place above a large jug and
pour the vodka through slowly. Once the first bottle has been filtered, wash out
the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in. Repeat the above two steps for
all bottles, ensuring that everything is cleaned between uses to prevent color
contamination. Place all of the bottles in the freezer until you are ready to
drink. Don't worry, the vodka won't freeze. You are finished. Enjoy your tasty
creation. Tips. If you want to make it more quickly, cut the skittles in half
before putting them into vodka. Shake every 15 minutes. They'll dissolve in an
hour instead of a day. Or you could just scoop them out when the color
dissolves. Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment
which combination of taste suits you best. You can carry this out with larger
amount of vodka and Skittles once you have decided that you enjoy the taste. The
lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink, so if you want one that's
sweet, leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime
vodka. Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of
Skittles. Then separate the candy and use one flavor for each bottle. (Or get
four bottles and an empty, to allow room for the skittles.) If using a t-shirt
to strain, be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it,
lets you get some extra (unwanted) flavoring (and potentially toxic chemicals).
Warnings Drink responsibly. Never drink and drive. Know your limits, and do not
drink to the extent of intoxication. Do not drink if underage in your country.
Things You'll Need Each handle of vodka (1.75 liters, about a half gallon)
requires a large bag worth of Skittles, so if you plan on doing only one flavor
for a flavorful vodka, you'll have to buy 5 large bags of Skittles. Coffee
filter, cheesecloth / muslin, or an extremely clean T-shirt Large funnel or
strainer to hold filter 
