The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America:
Results from a nationally representative sample of adults Introduction. Personal
experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social
science research. [1 - 3] Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of
discrimination [3 – 5]; psychologists have examined the mental processes that
underpin conscious and unconscious biases [6]; neuroscientists have examined the
neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [7 – 9]; and evolutionary
theorists have explored the various ways that in-group / out-group biases
emerged across the history of our species. [10] In many respects, researchers
already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of
discrimination and bias. [11] What also should not be lost in discussion of
discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing
the occurrence of discriminatory practices. Mandatory diversity trainings in
professional settings, for example, are intended to reduce bias in the workplace
by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing
minority group members. [12] Indeed, the implementation of certain policies is
rooted in the assumption that discrimination and biases are, at least to some
appreciable amount, present in modern society. Even so, estimates of the
prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare (see [13 – 14]). At least
one prior study by Kessler and colleagues [15], however, using measures of
perceived discrimination in a large American sample, reported that approximately
33% of respondents reported some form of discrimination (see also, Gibbons et
al. [4]). The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the
prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large, nationally
representative sample of adults from the United States. Additionally, the
analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences.
Reason for discrimination. All respondents who indicated they were discriminated
against — specifically, those who responded with sometimes or often to the
perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following
question: “What do you think was the main reason for these experiences?”
Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories. For the
present analysis, these responses were recoded into nine mutually exclusive
categories capturing the following options: race / ancestry / skin color;
gender; age; religion; height or weight; sexual orientation; education or
income; physical disability; and other. The following categories from the
original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis: race;
ancestry or national origin; and shade of skin color. Additionally, because this
question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination
experiences, the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases
scored as missing (legitimate skip). Respondent race. Because a race variable is
not available from the Wave 4 interviews, we use the racial category reported by
the respondent during the Wave 1 interview. Wave 1 race — rather than, say, Wave
3 race — was used to preserve case counts. The logic is that (nearly) all Wave 4
respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample, but not all would have been
interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition.
Respondents were asked to indicate their race from among the following
categories: White; Black or African American; Hispanic; American Indian or
Native American; and Asian or Pacific Islander. Respondents were provided the
opportunity to select more than one race, and those who did were asked a
follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial
background. In the current study, those respondents who indicated more than one
race were coded as “mixed race”. Demographic variables. To provide information
on the analytical sample as a whole, two additional demographic variables are
included. First, age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of
the respondents' birth (obtained from Wave 1) from the year of the interview at
Wave 4. Second, sex was dichotomously coded based on the self-reported sex of
the respondent at Wave 4 (0 = female and 1 = male). Analytical plan. Our
exploratory study included three basic steps. First, summary statistics of the
study variables and racial categories were produced. Second, we examined the
relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each
racial category. Finally, we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for
discrimination across the racial categories. In order to examine potential
bivariate associations, the adjusted F statistic (design-based F) was employed
as it corrects for a complex sample design such as that used in the Add Health.
[21] More specifically, when analyzing weighted sample data employing the svy
suite of commands in Stata the conventional Pearson χ2 statistic test of
independence is converted into “an F statisticwith noninteger degrees of freedom
by using a second-order Rao and Scott (1981 [22], 1984 [23]) correction”. [24]
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate (than the
associated with the χ2 statistic) given the adjustments and calculations take
into account the weighted nature of the data. This final step also included an
examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various
reported reasons for discrimination. As noted earlier, all analyses were
weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research
staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification
that defined the sampling strategy. Thus, all estimates reported here can be
considered nationally representative of the United States. 

Otto Jespersen Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen (Danish: [ʌtˢo
ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩]; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943) was a Danish linguist who specialized
in the grammar of the English language. Early life Otto Jespersen was born in
Randers in Jutland. He was inspired by the work of Danish philologist Rasmus
Rask as a boy, and with the help of Rask's grammars taught himself some
Icelandic, Italian, and Spanish. He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877
when he was 17, initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies.
In 1881 he shifted his focus completely to languages, and in 1887 earned his
master's degree in French, with English and Latin as his secondary languages. He
supported himself during his studies through part-time work as a schoolteacher
and as a shorthand reporter in the Danish parliament. In 1887 – 1888, he
traveled to England, Germany and France, meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and
Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University.
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen, he returned to Copenhagen in
August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case
system. He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891. Academic life and
work Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from
1893 to 1925, and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21. His early
work focused primarily on language teaching reform and on phonetics, but he is
best known for his later work on syntax and on language development. He advanced
the theories of Rank and Nexus in Danish in two papers: Sprogets logik (1913)
and De to hovedarter af grammatiske forbindelser (1921). Jespersen in this
theory of ranks removes the parts of speech from the syntax, and differentiates
between primaries, secondaries, and tertiaries; e.g. in "well honed phrase,"
"phrase" is a primary, this being defined by a secondary, "honed", which again
is defined by a tertiary "well". The term Nexus is applied to sentences,
structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation, in which two
concepts are expressed in one unit; e.g., it rained, he ran indoors. This term
is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea,
expressed by means of two or more elements, whereas a nexus combines two ideas.
Junction and nexus proved valuable in bringing the concept of context to the
forefront of the attention of the world of linguistics. He was most widely
recognized for some of his books. Language: Its Nature, Development and Origin
(1922) is considered by many to be his masterpiece. Modern English Grammar on
Historical Principles (1909 – 1949), concentrated on morphology and syntax, and
Growth and Structure of the English Language (1905) is a comprehensive view of
English by someone with another native language, and still in print, over 70
years after his death and more than 100 years after publication. Late in his
life he published Analytic Syntax (1937), in which he presents his views on
syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation. In The Philosophy
of Grammar (1924) he challenged the accepted views of common concepts in Grammar
and proposed corrections to the basic definitions of grammatical case, pronoun,
object, voice etc., and developed further his notions of Rank and Nexus. In the
21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern
Structural linguistics. Mankind, Nation and Individual: from a linguistic point
of view (1925) is one of the pioneering works on Sociolinguistics. Jespersen
visited the United States twice: he lectured at the Congress of Arts and
Sciences in St. Louis in 1904, and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University
of California and Columbia University. While in the U.S., he took occasion to
study the country's educational system. His autobiography (see below) was
published in English translation as recently as 1995. Jespersen was a proponent
of phonosemanticism and wrote: “Is there really much more logic in the opposite
extreme which denies any kind of sound symbolism (apart from the small class of
evident echoisms and ‘onomatopoeia’) and sees in our words only a collection of
accidental and irrational associations of sound and meaning? ... There is no
denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to
express the ideas they stand for.” After his retirement in 1925, Jespersen
remained active in the international linguistic community. In addition to
continuing to write, he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on
Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930, and acted as president of the Fourth
International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936. Jespersen was an
important figure in the international language movement. He was an early
supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project
Novial. He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association.
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York (1910),
St. Andrews University in Scotland (1925), and the Sorbonne in Paris (1927). He
was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary
members of the Linguistic Society of America. 

Falling You ’re on the 236th-level Kaiserstrasse moving sidewalk when you see
her. You ’re leaning on the railing, waiting to ask Derya about a job, watching
the glittering stream of mites that arc over half the sky — flying up to rewind
their nanosprings in the stratospheric sunlight, flying down to make Frankfurt
run. You never get tired of watching them. She’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge.
Someone’s hung it up here — a hundred meters of clean gray and green
twentieth-century modernism, plucked up from the river Main and suspended in the
chilly air 2,360 meters up, between a lump of wooded parkland and a cluster of
antique subway cars. She’s wearing a 1950s sundress and a broad-brimmed hat, and
it’s like an essay on the last century — the austere steel bridge, the bright
blobs of subway graffiti, and her yellow dress, flapping against her legs as she
climbs over the bridge’s rail. A picture of elegance and style from the age of
money, violence, and simplicity. She’s a strawberry blonde, slim, her skin blank
and virginal as new butter. She’s beyond the rail now, hanging out over the
mountain - high drop. Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of
the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of
five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it. (A civic agent notices you
noticing, and attaches itself to your infospace, whispering statistics — “Each
object’s suspension must weather a class 5 hurricane and the destruction of 80%
of the towers” — “Frankfurt’s current population is stable at 53 million” —
“Average age 62, birth rate 0.22, net immigration of half a million a year” —
“Current personal squatright: 311 cubic meters per resident” — until you brush
it away.) You ’re watching her lean out. The wind whips her hair, ruffles the
skirt around her knees. She must be a tourist. You remember your first trip to
the upper levels: leaning over the edge into the angry swarm of mites, whirring
and buzzing warnings and shoving you back like a million mosquito chaperones.
Everyone tries it once — Except that there aren’t any mites around her. You
clutch the railing. Hot, animal fear surges in your chest. She looks up at you
and, across the gap of forty meters, smiles a brilliant, heartbreaking smile.
Then she lets go and falls. You scream. “Fucking airsurfers,” says Derya. He
steps off the moving sidewalk near you: tall, hook-nosed, the fashionable whorls
of pox and acne making constellations of his cheeks and chest; the glowing,
formal tattoos of his committees and lifebrands adorning his massive triceps.
You swallow on a dry throat. Derya, of all people, hearing you scream! He gives
you a hooded look. “They infect themselves with some designer virus - it lets
them hack the city’s person-recognition systems. So the mites don’t see them
when they jump. Watch —” She’s swept past the whalelike oval of the public pool
on the 202nd, past the sloping mandala of the Google of offices on the 164th. At
the 131st, below her, is the old Stock Exchange, hung upside-down now as a
hipster den. Now the mites are finally closing in. A silver swarm coalesces
around the 164th, and she vanishes into it, like a snip of scallion into cloudy
miso soup. When the cloud disperses, she’s standing on one of the Stock
Exchange’s upside-down overhangs. She waves, antlike, then crawls through a
dormer window. “It’s not funny,” Derya says. “They ’re a huge drain on emergency
preparedness. Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ...” “Freeloaders
drive systemic evolution,” you find yourself saying. “Don’t you quote the
founders at me,” Derya snaps. “The Free Society is fragile. The minute enough
people find anticontributive behavior cool, the party’s over — it’s back to
capitalist competition or state control.” He stares until you meet his eye. “You
even talk to those people - are you paying attention? — you even talk to them,
your rep will be trashed on all the major servers. You won’t work, you won’t
party, you’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes. Got it?” Her
broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind. The mites missed it. It cuts
between the towers of the 50th. The upside-down trading floor is deserted. There
are heaps of yellowed euros and deutschmarks dumped here, like snowdrifts. Wood
panel, marble. Silence. And the air is strangely clear. You realize: no mites.
The city has no eyes or ears here. You walk through empty, miteless rooms,
stepping around light fixtures. Then she’s there, in a doorway. Her eyes, bright
blue, radiant. Her smile, with that chaste yellow dress, so bashful. She comes
to you. “You want it?” she says. “You want to be infected? You want to fly?” You
nod. Eyes closing, she leans in for the kiss. 

Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill, U.S. Republican Party presidential
candidate Interview What qualifications do you have that will assist you in
executing the duties of president? My Presidential qualifications are rooted in
my service as an Officer in the United States Air Force. I took the Oath to our
Constitution at 22 years old. I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people.
Politicians profess an Oath to this nation but once in office pursue their party
agenda and reward their voters. As President, I will serve ALL of the people in
America, guided by the Constitution. Why run for president? Why not run for a
lower office that you would be more likely to win and effect change? When I was
a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training
Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training. The Air Force only selected
180 Officers a year from the Academy, Squadron Officer School and ROTC to
attend. I volunteered for that program because I knew I wanted to be a Fighter
Pilot and at the "Top of the Spear." In those days it was all or nothing. If you
graduated you were assigned a fighter, if you were not quite fighter pilot
material you had no response to fly another aircraft, you were washed out.
Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body. To make a difference in
America you must have the "Bully Pulpit" and speak to the People. The President
has that pulpit. All or nothing. I never wanted to make politics a career. Why
did you choose to run in the Republican Party? My ties to the Republican party
date back to 1979, when I volunteered for Ronald Reagan and his campaign in New
Hampshire. In those days I believed there was a difference in the parties.
Today, like many Americans, I am skeptical. I understand third party candidates
have no success. I hope to lead the Republican party in a new direction for
working class Americans. How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and
make an impact on polls? In order to be invited to the debates, we must raise
money and poll nationally. This is an effort that is underway. Recently we were
listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1. If you do not receive the
Republican nomination, would you consider running as a third party candidate?
No, I will back the nominee of the Republican party in 2016. After that, I may
reconsider. Other than yourself, which candidates have you supported for
president in previous campaigns? Reagan in 80 and 84, [George H. W.] Bush in 88
and 92, [Phil] Gramm in 96, [George W.] Bush in 2000 and, Romney in 08. What are
your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president? Specifically, what
would you have done differently? President Obama has an agenda that represents
the far left wing of his party. His use of the Presidency to further this agenda
has in many ways been unconstitutional. Specifically, altering law once it is
passed to accommodate his voting blocs. His direction to Eric Holder to enforce
some laws and not others is another example. Hill at the Lesser-known candidates
forum in 2011 If elected, what would constitute a successful presidency for you?
Achieving four goals: Term Limits for Congress and the Courts returning
government to the People. Implementing a Tax System that allows working
Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money. Closing Loopholes
and putting in place a system that is transparent and works. Passing a Living
Wage program lifting people out of poverty. Returning America to a state of
Peace and Security. What individuals would you like to see in a Hill
administration? I would like to bring People from the heartland of America that
make this nation work. We have had too many decades of Ivy League elites and
Professors immersed in theory. Hill (right) with fellow 2012 presidential
candidate Buddy Roemer. Anything else you would like to add? A final thought.
America is a nation that will endure. I believe it is our responsibility to pass
on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us. As
President, I intend to keep that promise! 

Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis, Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of
Virginia Saturday, October 19, 2013 Attorney Robert Sarvis, the Libertarian
Party's nominee for Governor of Virginia, answered five questions submitted via
e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn. Sarvis has garnered
double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election, an
unusual feat for a third party candidate. The latest Newsmax / Zogby poll from
late September placed him at 13 percent, 14 points behind Republican Party
nominee Ken Cuccinelli, Virginia's Attorney General, and 19 points behind
Democratic Party nominee Terry McAuliffe, the former Democratic National
Committee chairman, with 24 percent undecided. Whoever wins election on November
5, 2013, would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell. On his campaign website,
Sarvis notes he favors parental school choice through student vouchers,
simplification of Virginia's Tax Code, US Second Amendment - gun - rights,
same-sex marriage, and reform of the state's drug laws. With Wikinews, Sarvis
discusses his background, views on McDonnell's tenure, keys to campaign success,
plan to implement his agenda, and the former Virginia governor he most admires.
Interview What is the most important aspect of your background that voters
should know about? I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia, but also
the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing
diversity of the commonwealth. (I am mixed-race (half-Chinese) and in an
interracial marriage.) I am the only candidate who has studied both economics
and law, and the only candidate with a background in technology
entrepreneurship. Because of my academic and professional background, I
understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other
candidates, and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the
political spectrum. I am the only candidate who believes in both economic
freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle
against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law. What are your
thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia? What would
you have done differently than him? McDonnell did well early in his term pushing
back against Senate Democrats who wanted huge tax increases in response to major
revenue shortfalls during the recession. Those early budget efforts are his
highest achievements as Governor. More recently, he erred in accepting a
transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases, rather than
prioritizing spending and seeking more rational, efficient, decentralized
transportation decision-making. He could have shown much greater leadership in
pushing for tax reform, regulatory reform, and school choice. Of course, he
showed ethical lapses in judgment. Compared to previous third party candidates
at the gubernatorial level, you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling.
What do you attribute that success to? Voters see the two-party system for the
sham it has become. They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total
lack of substance in modern campaigns. Voters see the two major party nominees
as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties, and they want
something better. Voters who meet me and hear me speak know that I am sincere,
know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions, and know
that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the
rule of law and the public interest. People like the fact that I stand for a
Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business. If elected governor,
how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile
legislature? There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively
with the legislature, and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater
effectiveness than a major party governor. Libertarians share many policy
positions with each of the major parties. Working together with both Republicans
and Democrats, we can get the good aspects of each party while rejecting the bad
parts of both. Moreover, electing a third-party governor represents a
repudiation of politics as usual, and the major party legislators will face
changed constraints and incentives, meaning that much more is possible than many
people assume, especially with strong leadership. Which previous Virginia
Governor(s) do you most admire and why? Thomas Jefferson. He was incredibly
learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law. He would be a
Libertarian today. Robert Sarvis. Image: Sarvis for Governor. Virginia,
highlighted in red. Image: Huebi. 

Interview with LibriVox founder Hugh McGuire Sunday, May 28, 2006 The LibriVox
website features a catalog of about a hundred completed books, including books
in other languages like German, Hebrew, and Japanese. Why did you decide to take
the acoustic fate of public domain works into your own hands, and how did you go
about it? I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy
world, and so I thought: here's a way to help the cause. I launched LibriVox,
emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff, and
invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad's Secret Agent. Things have
grown steadily since. By the way, AKMA was the first guy I know of to do
something like this, with Lawrence Lessig's Free Culture. That, I think, started
my thinking about this, but it took a while for the idea to crystallize. Hugh
McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated. Do you
personally record audiobooks, and did you already do so before LibriVox?
LibriVox was my first experience recording audiobooks. I still do the odd
chapter, but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days! Is
there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the
quality, the overall effort involved, its popularity, or for some other reason?
My personal favourite is Notes from the Underground (Dostoyevsky). Other random
good ones: Austen, Jane. Pride and Prejudice Christie, Agatha. The Mysterious
Affair at Styles London, Jack. White Fang Macaulay, Thomas Babington. History of
England (Volume 1, Chapter 1) Marx, Karl and Engels, Friedrich. The Communist
Manifesto (solo) Twain, Mark. A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (solo)
Ed.: See the LibriVox catalog for a full index. Browsing the catalog, I find
that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even
from chapter to chapter. If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they
didn't like the speaker, would you then offer two versions? Yes. We take the
Wikipedia approach: if you think it should be better, please help it be so.
You'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books. Indeed our weekly
poetry project celebrates this diversity of voice: each week a new short poem is
chosen and as many readers as wish to record a version, so you get 20 + versions
of the same poem, a very interesting audio experience. Besides works whose
copyright has expired, there is an increasing number of modern books available
under Creative Commons and similar licenses. You mentioned Larry Lessig's Free
Culture, but it also includes some out of print titles by publishers who are
open to the concept, such as O'Reilly. Do you want to limit the scope of
LibriVox strictly to old public domain works, or do you have plans to include
recent works under reasonably permissive licenses as well? We are only doing
public domain works, for a number of reasons, partly to keep simplicity in our
copyright situation -- public domain means its as simple as can be. CC makes
things more complex. Also, there are other sites, notably podiobooks.com, which
are better suited to CC works than LibriVox. we find it makes things clear and
easy to say: published works, public domain, and leave it at that. As far as I
can tell, podiobooks.com features "free as in beer" content — material which you
can download, but which isn't under a free content license. Instead of "public
domain", wouldn't "free content" work just as well, using something like the
Free Content Definition to limit the scope? This needs more discussion
obviously: we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and
we didn't want to add new restrictions, especially not non-commercial, since
already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects (I
can't recall any specific project names, but some pay-education sites use LV
stuff). That's good and well and fine with us. We don't want to have to give
anyone permission to use our recordings, we want anyone to use them for whatever
they want. Also, for the thing to work you need to have many dedicated
volunteers willing to do the management (onerous) and many willing to do the
reading. While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers, I don't know about
O'Reilly's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong. 

Pop culture celebrated at Fan Expo Canada 2016 in Toronto Wednesday, September
7, 2016 The far end of part of the convention floor, shortly after opening
Friday. Image: Nick Moreau. The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro
Toronto Convention Centre this weekend, attracting thousands to the event, one
of the most popular in North America. Crossing between the genres of science
fiction, horror, anime, fantasy and comics, the event sprawled throughout all
corners of the facility. Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old,
joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee, Mark Hamill, and Margaret Atwood.
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity, and
thousands of fans donned costumes, many of which they themselves created.
Atwood, a Booker Prize-winner, was there to launch her graphic novel Angel
Catbird, with illustrator Johnnie Christmas. Lee was making his final Canadian
convention appearance, part of a larger farewell tour. Hamill's schedule
included a panel with Kevin Conroy, the voice of Batman in Batman: The Animated
Series, in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker. Ubisoft, Microsoft, and
PlayStation VR all had large areas set up for attendees to try their latest
games. In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman: Arkham VR,
players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne's manor, to the Bat
Cave, to suit up. From there, the demonstration took players to investigate the
murder of Nightwing. The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the
weekend, facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall. Even in early
rounds, the event was well attended, with the stands full of gamers, watching
the matches with live colour commentary. The finals saw US team Cloud9 and
Immortals, from Brazil, face off in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Both
unbeaten teams going in, the Brazillian team won the championship and $ 50,000.
Gameplay was delayed during the "third map" (third round) of the finals, when
one Immortals player was caught with their headset off. After nearly half an
hour, the team was deducted a point, leading to a sudden but temporary rush of
success by the US team. Playstation VR demo Image: Nick Moreau. Displays of
charity at event The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup
of photo-ops, with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. Volunteer
organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics, to distribute
to children and youth in the hospital. Along with collecting comics on-site, the
group was fundraising through raffles and button sales. Other charitable
fan-based groups included The Ontario Ghostbusters, Doctor Who Society of
Canada, and Klingon Assault Group. Brampton Spider-Gwen and Symbiote Spidey pose
at the Comic Corps booth. Image: Nick Moreau. A showdown at the 501st Legion
booth. Image: Nick Moreau. Successful Stormtroopers share a high-five. Image:
Nick Moreau. Cosplay celebration of craftsmanship and characters Epic Mickey by
The Katherinator. Image: Nick Moreau. The thousands of cosplay outfits on parade
around the various halls offered a tremendous cross-section of genres and eras
of pop culture. The majority of outfits involved at least some elements made
from scratch, a fantastic display of craftsmanship. Of the thousands, Wikinews
spoke with a cosplayer going by the name "The Katherinator". She was outside the
building in the gardens, waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot
her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit. With shoes as wide as a
forearm, and a rigid torso of carved foam, she remained exuberant even when
caught in the traffic between halls, many hours into wearing the outfit. Disney
Belle Image: Nick Moreau. Superheroes Black Widow and Captain America Image:
Nick Moreau. Anime Three of Digimon's "Digi-destined", including cosplayer
Jessica Anderson. Image: Nick Moreau. Video games, movies, and more Lady
Cassandra from Doctor Who. Image: Nick Moreau. Peekaboo Cosplay as The Fawn
Image: Nick Moreau. 

NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch; announces new homes
for retired shuttles Wednesday, April 13, 2011 NASA Administrator Charles Bolden
announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the
conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th
anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12, 2011. Image: NASA Bill
Ingalls. NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an
event at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC) in Cape Canaveral, Florida. On April 12,
1981, Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1,
the first space shuttle mission. NASA held a ceremony commemorating the date
outside the hangar, known as Orbiter Processing Facility-1, for Space Shuttle
Atlantis, which is being prepped for its final mission which will be STS-135,
which will be the last Space Shuttle mission. At the ceremony, NASA
Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the
three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle
program. The prototype orbiter, Space Shuttle Enterprise would be relocated from
the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at
Washington Dulles International Airport to the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in
New York City. Space Shuttle Discovery will take the place of Enterprise at the
Udvar-Hazy Center. Discovery has already been retired following the completion
of STS-133 last month, its 39th mission. Discovery is undergoing decommissioning
and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the
orbiter. Looking back: Space Shuttle Columbia lifts off on STS-1 from Launch Pad
39A at the Kennedy Space Center on April 12, 1981. Image: NASA. Space Shuttle
Endeavour, which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29,
will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles, California
following its retirement. Finally, Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy
Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter's last flight which launches
June 28. Columbia was lost tragically back on February 1, 2003 when it
disintegrated during re-entry killing all seven astronauts aboard. Space Shuttle
Challenger was lost when it exploded 73 seconds after liftoff back on January
28, 1986 killing all six aboard. "We want to thank all of the locations that
expressed an interest in one of these national treasures," said Bolden to the
gathered crowd which contained many KSC employees. "This was a very difficult
decision, but one that was made with the American public in mind. In the end,
these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to
share in the history and accomplishments of NASA's remarkable Space Shuttle
Program. These facilities we've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving
space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international
visitors." This was a very difficult decision, but one that was made with the
American public in mind. In the end, these choices provide the greatest number
of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments
of NASA's remarkable Space Shuttle Program. Charles Bolden, NASA Administrator
File image of Space Shuttle Atlantis lifting off, which approaches its last
mission before retirement. Image: NASA. Not all were pleased with the final
choice of locations. U.S. Senator John Cornyn, Republican from Texas, issued a
statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center (JSC) in Houston,
Texas as a location. "Like many Texans, I am disappointed with NASA's decision
to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space
Shuttle Orbiters. Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the
space shuttle, but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and
fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet."
Cornyn's statement added, "There is no question Houston should have been
selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden
stated as much. Today's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated
men and women at Johnson Space Center, the greater Houston community and the
State of Texas, and Im deeply disappointed with the Administration's misguided
decision.“ However, the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the
flight deck. The Museum of Flight in Seattle, Washington was also proposed as
another location for a shuttle, going so far as to build a new building to house
an orbiter. In a statement, Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said, "The
Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired
shuttle in the Pacific Northwest. As the home of modern day air travel and the
747, which has gracefully transported shuttles for the last 30 years, Seattle
would have been a perfect fit. While the Museum of Flight was in the top
running, Im disappointed that NASA did not choose them. In 2008, Endeavour and
Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads. Image: NASA. "However,
the full fuselage trainer, that every astronaut including [former Museum of
Flight CEO] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on, will soon call the Museum of
Flight home. The largest of the trainers, this addition will allow visitors to
actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that
astronauts get. Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this
trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum. It will help inspire young people
to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science,
technology, engineering and math." Today's announcement is an affront to the
thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center, the greater
Houston community and the State of Texas, and Im deeply disappointed with the
Administration's misguided decision. John Cornyn, U.S. Senator (R-Texas) Other
items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler
Planetarium in Chicago, Illinois, the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of
McMinnville, Oregon, and Texas A&M's Aerospace Engineering Department. The nose
cap assembly and crew compartment trainer for the National Museum of the U.S.
Air Force at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio and orbital maneuvering
system engines for the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville, Alabama, the
National Air and Space Museum, and the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum. NASA
is also offering shuttle heat shield tiles to schools and universities that want
to share technology and a piece of space history with their students. The 30th
anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of
the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into
space. 

Sensitive Canadian document found on rainy streets Friday, August 15, 2008 A
sensitive Environment Canada document was found wet on an Ottawa street by
someone who gave it to the CBC today. The 131-page document was found on
Castlefrank Road in Kanata, Ontario in a rain-stained, tire-marked brown
envelope by a passerby. The document which had the stamp Protected B on every
page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is
used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers. If someone
were able to shut the system down, or hack inside and delete or corrupt the
information, it could affect the prosecution of the lawbreakers. The database
was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System
and Intelligence System. However, on the document, it referred to the database
as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and
Intelligence System, adding the words "and Emergency" to the name. Protection B
documents are the second lowest grade of classified government documents.
Environment Canada spokesperson Julie Hahn said they apply to letters of
complaint, criticism or injury, research or scientific notes and findings that
don`t have any conclusion, and Treasury Board letters, agendas and minutes that
don`t deal with subjects of national interest. Environment Minister John Baird
has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored
in "approved security cabinets" wound up on the street. "I'm told two things:
that it's neither classified nor secret and that it's stuff that could be
available under access to information," Baird said. Environment Canada
spokeswoman Sujata Raisinghani told CBC News the department will look into the
incident. "We take document security seriously," she said, but refused to give
any more details about how the papers came to be on a road. Paul Dewar, an
Ottawa New Democrat MP, said the combined security lapses raise serious
questions about the government's ability to secure sensitive documents. Dewar
says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him
about document security to the point that they can`t share the information with
their own colleagues. However, when a government document has been found on the
streets, the government then says it wasn't particularly sensitive. "This
government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they don't
seem to be able to get the fundamentals right," Dewar said. The incident is a
reminiscent of two other incidents. In March, a bundle of blueprints for a new
headquarters for the military's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the
trash on a downtown street. In May, Maxime Bernier was forced to resign as
Foreign Affairs minister after it became known that he left sensitive documents
at the apartment of his then-girlfriend Julie Couillard who had ties to the
Hells Angels biker gang. Sources "Sensitive government document found on rainy
Ottawa street" — CBC.ca, August 15, 2008 "Document found on street not secret,
say feds" — The Canadian Press, August 15, 2008 "Environment Canada security
report found on street" — Toronto Star, August 15, 2008 Peter Zimonjic. "MP
calls for probe into misplaced documents" — Edmonton Sun, August 16, 2008
Categories: August 15, 2008 Canada Published North America Politics and
conflicts Environment Canada Archived 

Understand Some of the distinctive skyline of Downtown, including the Kaiser
Building and the Cathedral of Christ the Light. Often overshadowed by San
Francisco, its larger neighbor lying directly to the west, Oakland has in recent
years began to step out from under the shadows, playing upon the beautiful
highlights of its own and its rise as the multicultural "hipster' city of the
Bay Area. Since the 1960s, Oakland has been a hub of radical culture, and is the
birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell's Angels. Oakland's
history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well, as Oakland has
nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein, Jack London, Amy
Tan, and Maya Angelou; actors Meryl Streep, Mark Hamill, Bruce Lee, and Tom
Hanks; architect Julia "Butterfly" Hill; classical conductor Calvin Simmons;
rappers MC Hammer, 2Pac, Messy Marv, and several other notables in the liberal
arts and sciences. Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its
residents and long history. For many visitors, the first place they are likely
to visit is Downtown, especially if they are in town on business, or simply do
not know where to start. The center of transportation by BART and by bus is
there, if one wants to branch out. And it is as simple as walking in a direction
from there, for the first few neighborhoods, since Old Oakland is along 10th
Street, just west of Broadway. Just east of Broadway and continuing north and
south is Oakland's famous Chinatown, and that to get the real essence of
"Chinatown," Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet. Many of the
buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history, in
architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood. The
curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway, and come
to Jack London Square. The unlikely mixture of warehouses and very expensive
restaurants and posh atmosphere alongside some of the landmarks of the city's
waterfront makes the Square an interesting place to visit and explore, even for
locals. It's the home of the USS Potomac and the site of the namesake author's
residence, still preserved and humbly standing not far from a saloon from the
same era. Just west of Downtown and slightly north of the Financial District is
Uptown. In the evening it buzzes with art galleries, theaters and residents and
Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts. A popular area on the
weekend with a mixed vibe of hipster and hip hop. It's a burgeoning neighborhood
of performing arts ranging from nightclubs to music halls, avant-garde
performance art, and even an improv theater company. Uptown also has some of the
best in the city's vintage architecture, like the Gothic Revival Cathedral
Building and the Art Deco Fox and Paramount Theaters, as well as several
restaurants. North Oakland is a sweeping term, referring to just about
everywhere north of Uptown and Lake Merritt. Many of the neighborhoods are
commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter
surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown. Temescal is a
neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown, centered along the reach
of Telegraph Avenue, at and near 51st Street. Until the 1960s, a dominantly
Italian-American neighborhood, it is now a much more diversified neighborhood,
home to many restaurants, including some of the city's best Korean and Ethiopian
establishments. Northeast of Temescal and near the Berkeley border lies
Rockridge, a neighborhood mixed with family friendly and artistic vibes. It has
lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles.
Open-air markets, bookstores, and a BART station all its own make Rockridge
another of many pleasant stops in North Oakland. South of Rockridge, and
southeast of Temescal lies Piedmont Avenue, a street extending from Broadway
near 34th and Hawthorne and an area with a group of hospitals on a hill (Pill
Hill) up and through a neighborhood bordered on both sides by picturesque hills,
houses and trees. Another of North Oakland's group of foodie spots, home to the
city's single Michelin-rated restaurant and many others; cafes, ice cream,
coffee shops and pleasant walks complete the vision of this interesting and
quiet neighborhood. East along I-580 and not far from Piedmont Avenue are two
neighborhoods separated by a couple of blocks. Grand Lake and Lakeshore both
share a friendly, suburban sort of feel. The Grand Lake Theater stands at the
entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name, a matter of a few hundred feet
from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your
budget, be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening, either of these
twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time, by day or night. West
Oakland was once a burgeoning working-class neighborhood with its roots tracing
as far back as the opening decades of the 19th century. It has seen a period of
decline between the 1960s and the more recent past. Strangely, twice in its
history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes. After the
1906 earthquake, many San Franciscans relocated there, and the industrial
development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands.
With Loma Prieta in 1989, the effective barrier of the Cypress Street Overpass
was destroyed, and the decades since have seen the rebuilding and refurbishing
of many of the neighborhood's original Victorian houses, and there is a
burgeoning performing arts community growing near the center of the
neighborhood. Though there are a few draws for the traveler, West Oakland is
dominantly a very poor working-class residential neighborhood with a less than
spectacular reputation. 

Respect Thais are a polite people and, while remarkably tolerant of foreigners
gallivanting on their beaches and with their women, youll find that you will get
more respect if you in turn treat them and their customs with respect. The wai
Ronald McDonald showing how it's done The traditional greeting known as the wai,
where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly, is derived
from the Hindu cultural influence from India, and still widely practised. Among
Thais, there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai
should be given. In brief, inferiors salute superiors first. You should not wai
service people or street vendors. The higher your hands go, the more respectful
you are. You will also often see Thais doing a wai as they walk past temples and
spirit houses. As a foreign visitor, you are not expected to know how to wai,
nor to reciprocate when wai'd to; while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you
do, you may well look slightly strange. If somebody makes a wai to you, a slight
bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions, and for business, most
Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway. Dress Personal
appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other
people. You will find that dressing appropriately means that you are shown more
respect in return. This translates in many ways, even sometimes lowering initial
offering prices at markets. While some allowance is made for the differing
customs of foreigners, Thais respond more positively to well-dressed Westerners.
Traditionally, Thais are modest and conservative dressers. At a minimum your
clothes should be neat, clean, and free from holes or tears. Except at the beach
or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women,
except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin. Pants are
preferable to shorts, blouses should have capped sleeves, and if tank tops are
worn, the straps should be thick (i.e., not spaghetti straps). Thai men
generally wear pants, and most Thais view an adult man wearing shorts as fairly
ridiculous; shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren. Men's
shorts should be knee length or more, if worn at all. Taking off one's shoes at
temples and private homes is mandatory etiquette, and this may even be requested
at some shops. Wear shoes that slip on and off easily. Flip-flops, hiking
sandals, and clog-type shoes are usually a good pragmatic choice for traveling
in Thailand; only in the most top-end establishments are shoes required. It is
best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand; your dress
should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your
limbs. For men, ankle-length pants are mandatory; on top, t-shirts are
acceptable, though a button-front or polo shirt would be best. Many recommend
that women wear only full length dresses and skirts; you should make sure that
your clothing covers at least your shoulders and your knees and some places may
require that you wear ankle-length pants or skirts and long sleeved tops. Shorts
and sleeveless shirts are highly inappropriate, as are short skirts. The rules
are even more strict for foreign visitors, so even if you see a local in shorts
it's not OK for everyone. Topless sunbathing is common by Western women at many
tourist beaches. At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however, this is
not advised. Religion Buddhist prayer flags, Wat Arun, Bangkok Monks are an
integral part of Buddhism in Thailand, and Thai men are generally expected to
spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime.
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations, and in particular they do
not touch women or take things from women's hands. Women should make every
effort to make way for monks on the street and give them room so they do not
have to make contact with you. Women should avoid offering anything to a monk
with their hands. Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he
can pick it up, or place it on a special cloth he carries with him. Monks will
sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on
their behalf. Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material
temptations and as such, are not allowed to touch money, so offering money to a
monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist
cultures. Therefore, should you wish to donate to a monk, you should only offer
food, and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the
temple. Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes. 

Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga, about 150 miles north of
Tongatapu. They are either raised coral limestone or coral atolls. The beautiful
harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu (known as the Port of Refuge Harbour)
is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific. The waters of
the islands are known for their clarity, it being said that you can see the
bottom at 40 metres. The area attracts many humpback whales between June and
November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them. There are
numerous places to stay to suit most budgets. Understand Findings of Lapita
pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years
ago. These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group. Neiafu and
surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group’s overall population
of around 20000, with the majority of the population living in small villages on
the other islands. Neiafu is the official port of entry for yachts coming to
Vava'u, which attracts over 500 yachts every winter sailing season between June
and October. A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group
shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to
these protected waters to give birth. This is the high season for tourism;
between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and
restaurants close down. Neiafu town is the centre of activity. It is on the
southern point of the main island of Utu Vava'u and has an attractive setting on
one of the world's most beautiful harbours. Neiafu offers all the usual
amenities including banks, schools, tour companies, restaurants, cafes and bars,
supermarkets, a market and a hospital. It doesn't have a beach but boats to one
of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available.
Climate Vava'u has a tropical climate with average temperatures up to 29 ºC in
January and down to 24 ºC in June. It is sunny throughout the year. Between
November and April, it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur.
From May to September there are southeast trade winds but during the summer
months the winds are from the northeast. Port of Refuge Harbor at Neiafu
Orientation The main islands are: Utu Vava'u. This is the largest island, where
Neiafu is found. It is a limestone island with heights up to 213 m in the west.
The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt.
Talau national park, with some of the limited remaining native vegetation. 

How to Grow Beavertail Cactus The Beavertail Cactus (Opunitia basilares), found
primarily in the Mojave Desert and northwest Mexico; can grow to be about 24
inches (60 cm) high; has pads that look like beavertails; and yields red or
purple flowers from spring to early summer. Growing Beavertail can be done at
any time of year by scattering seeds in a shady bed or, for faster results,
planting cuttings in a mix of soil and sand and ensuring that they have a bit of
water and plenty of sun. Read the following steps to find out how to grow
Beavertail cactus. Method 1 of 2: From Seeds Purchase Beavertail cactus seeds.
These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online. Scatter the seeds. In
a shady garden bed, simply scatter the seeds on the soil. There's no need to
cover them, unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off. Keep the soil
moist until the seeds germinate. Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade.
Beavertail cacti seeds need shade to grow, whereas cuttings need plenty of
direct sunlight. Be aware that growing Beavertail cactus from seeds takes much
longer than growing one from a cutting. It can take as long as 4 to 4 years
before you get flowers. Method 2 of 2: From Cuttings Obtain Beavertail cuttings.
You can purchase them online or at a local garden center. If you already own a
Beavertail cactus, you can make your own cuttings. To do this, choose pads (the
flat, oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus) that are 6 months old or older
and cut them at the base. In order to form a callous and prevent rot, cure the
cuttings by sitting the pad upright in a dry, dark place for 10 to 14 days.
Plant the cuttings. Prepare a potting mix that is equal parts soil and rough
pumice or sand and fill the appropriate number of pots with it. Make sure there
are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage. Set
the cuttings upright in the potting mix about an inch (2.5 cm.) deep. If you
plant the cuttings too deep, they might rot. Put some rocks around the pad to
anchor it in place. Choose a spot for your Beavertail cactus cuttings. If you
live in an area with strong summer sun, position the cuttings so that the broad
sides of the cuttings face east and west while the slim sides face north and
south. This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of
the day. Make sure the spot is sheltered from any cold winter winds. Wait for a
month. Do not water the cutting for the first month. The moisture in the pad
will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow. Too much water might cause rot.
After 1 month, roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the
first time. Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings. Once fully
rooted, they are extremely drought resistant. Fertilize the plants. During the
spring, summer, and fall, the Beavertail cactus grows and will benefit from a
balanced fertilizer. Let the cuttings grow. From the first pad, many more will
form. The second or third pad will bear some flowers, but wait before harvesting
them or you might affect the size of future harvests. 

How to Make Vegan Cupcakes Two Methods: Basic Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes Basic
Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs,
butter, and milk! Here's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for
whatever flavored icing you want to add to it. They 're guaranteed to be light
and fluffy and perfect for any occasion. Ingredients Method 1: Basic Vanilla
Vegan Cupcakes: Servings: 18 - 24 (fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes) 1
tablespoon (15 ml) apple cider vinegar 1 1/2 cups (350 ml) plain soy milk 2 3/4
cups (345 g) self raising flour 2 teaspoons (10 g) baking powder 1/2 teaspoon
baking soda 1/2 teaspoon salt 1 cup (200 g) sugar 1/2 cup (120 ml) vegetable oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract Vegan icing of your choice Method 2: Basic Chocolate
Vegan Cupcakes: Makes approx: 20 - 24 cupcakes: 275 g (2 cups) plain or
all-purpose flour (sifted) 100 g (3/4 cup) quality cocoa powder (sifted) 2
teaspoons baking soda 1 teaspoon baking powder Pinch of salt 450 ml (1 - 3/4
cup) unsweetened soy milk 2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar 320 g (1 -
2/3 cups) caster / superfine sugar 320 ml (1 - 1/4 cups) sunflower oil (or
coconut oil) 2 tablespoons vanilla extract / essence Method 1 of 2: Basic
Vanilla Vegan Cupcakes. Preheat the oven to 180 oC / 350 oF. Prepare the muffin
tray by adding cupcake holders / cases. Put to one side. Alternatively, use a
silicone cupcake baking sheet with molded holes. Put the cider vinegar into a
small bowl and add the soy milk. Stir this well and then put to one side. The
mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening. Stir together the
flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. If you want chocolate
cupcakes, add cocoa (about 1/2 cup) to this stage. Stir the oil and vanilla
extract into the bowl containing the soy milk and vinegar. Mix together. Add the
wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat together (by hand or with an
electric hand-held mixer). Fill the muffin pan. Usually fill each paper cupcake
holder with about 1/4 cup of batter. If you prefer larger cupcakes, then add a
half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are
bigger. Bake for 18 - 20 minutes. If you can smell the cupcakes earlier, check
to make sure they aren't browning earlier (this means they 're more than ready).
If you aren't certain, turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more
minutes rather than bake them into rocks. Wait for the pan to cool down. Place
cupcakes onto a wire rack to cool. Ice the cupcakes. The flavor of icing or
frosting can be improved by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead
of soy milk or water. Finished. Method 2 of 2: Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes
Preheat the oven to 160 oC / 315 oF. If using cupcake cases, arrange on a baking
sheet now. If using a silicone cupcake sheet, simply have it ready. Add the
flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl. Mix to
combine. Pour the soy milk, vinegar, sugar, oil and vanilla into another bowl.
Whisk together well. Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture. Stir to
combine thoroughly. Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes. Place into the
oven. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. If they smell strongly earlier, test with a
wooden skewer; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake, they 're
ready. Remove from the oven. Transfer the cupcakes to a wire cooling rack as
quickly as possible when cool enough to handle. Let cool completely on the rack.
Frost as desired. Add standard frosting or make vegan butter cream. Tips You can
add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes. One small container of pureed
fruit is sufficient for flavoring (the little containers that children take to
school in their lunchboxes.) Try strawberry, apple, banana, apricot, peach etc.
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy, however, so be prepared for a
heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite
plus. Instead of using vegan sugar, you can replace it with equal parts maple
sugar or rice syrup Instead of using vegetable oil, try substituting it for
walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you. Coconut oil also
produces good results. And olive oil works fine if it's all that's left in the
pantry. You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or
vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes.
Experiment with the flavors of either recipe by replacing the vanilla extract
with fragrant ingredients like neroli orange oil, rosewater, orange blossom
water or coconut extract. 

How to Get Rid of Mice Naturally Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and
a health hazard. They can cause property damage, create a mess, and produce
unpleasant smells. In addition, repelling and removing rodents from your home
can be a hassle if you don't know what you are doing. It can also be dangerous
if you use toxic chemicals and poisons. It's a good thing, then, that there are
some simple ways to effectively get mice out of your home without the use of
toxic chemicals and poisons. Method 1 Discouraging Mice Naturally Keep your home
clean. Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food. If there is
nothing to eat, mice will be less likely to stay. Keep all food stored properly
in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack. [1] Apply
peppermint oil. Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent. The smell is simply too
intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it. It also helps to mask
the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning. It also
gives the house a lovely smell, and is not toxic, unlike many synthetic chemical
treatments. You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some
major grocery stores. [2] Place a drop or two on a cotton ball. Place a cotton
ball under or near your garbage can to deter mice from getting into it. Place
the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house, by
doorways, or heat vents, etc. Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced
after 5 - 7 days, depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it. Try growing
peppermint plants near the entryways. You can use the mint in cooking, as well
as it serving a deterrent purpose. Use dried snake feces. Visit a local reptile
center, zoo, or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo. You can also
sometimes find someone who owns a pet snake. Place near entrances and in places
where mice seem to go. This will keep mice away. [3] Be sure to keep the feces
out of the reach of children and pets. Zap mice with ultrasonic sounds. There
are electronic units sold that emit an ultrasonic beeping sound that rodents
hate. They should be available at your local home improvement store or online.
These work only on a single line of sight, so you need to know the exact path
the mice are taking. The units may only work for a short time because mice can
become used to them. [4] Use a commercial, organic deterrent. Many companies
that specialize in organic garden and home products make mice repellents that
are better for the environment than traditional poisons. Many of these products
use natural ingredients, such as peppermint, that are known to be disagreeable
to mice. They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where
the product is applied. These products should be available at your local
gardening or home improvement center. If you want a specific product, try doing
a online search to see where it is available locally. Get a cat. A house cat can
take care of the problem. Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt
to find their own food and may track down that mouse. Just be aware, not all
cats have enough energy, interest or training to hunt mice. Kittens typically
have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser. Well-food indoor
kitties might just see the mouse as a toy, and grow quickly bored of it after
scaring it half witless. Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a
cat is a good mouse hunter, and generally do not test for this. Sometimes this
information is available, but usually not. While many mousers are great pets as
well, not all are. "Barn cats" may not be socialized well with humans, although
used to hunting mice for food. Even if you do not have a cat, you can use used
kitty litter to deter mice. Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of
the house. The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy.
If you have a large infestation, a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of
it. However, once you eliminate the infestation, a cat will probably prevent
reinfestation. [5] Put your trash cans far from your home. Mice smell garbage
and get attracted to your house. If you keep the cans away from the house, they
are less likely to take up residence in your home. Promote the nesting of birds
of prey in your yard. Build a shelter box in your garden to attract some onto
your property. This may take some time, but it's worth the effort if you can
attract a wild mouse eater to your yard. [6] Make sure the shelter box has no
nails or safety hazards. A barn owl is the best. A family of barn owls can eat
many mice in a night! However, you might attract other types of owls or birds of
prey with your nesting box. 
