Aesthetic Appreciation and Spanish Art: Insights from Eye-Tracking Claire
Bailey-Ross claire.bailey-ross@port.ac.uk University of Portsmouth, United
Kingdom Andrew Beresford a.m.beresford@durham.ac.uk Durham University, United
Kingdom Daniel Smith daniel.smith2@durham.ac.uk Durham University, United
Kingdom Claire Warwick c.l.h.warwick@durham.ac.uk Durham University, United
Kingdom How do people look at and experience art? Which elements of specific
artworks do they focus on? Do museum labels have an impact on how people look at
artworks? The viewing experience of art is a complex one, involving issues of
perception, attention, memory, decision-making, affect, and emotion. Thus, the
time it takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its
relevance, interestingness, and even its aesthetic appeal. This paper describes
a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century
Zurbarán paintings. The Jacob cycle at Auckland Castle is the only UK example of
a continental collection preserved in situ in purpose-built surroundings. While
studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and
distinctions between representative / non-representative topics, no work has
been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional
themes. In this paper, we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques
have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of
Zurbarán artworks. The purpose of this pilot study was to assess the effects of
different written interpretation on the visual exploration of artworks. We will
discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our understanding of
visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice. The project brings together
established research strengths in Spanish art history, experimental psychology,
digital humanities, and museum studies to explore, using eye-tracking
techniques, aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual
Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole. Our
experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and
affective processes; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork.
When regarding an artwork, a viewer gathers information through a series
fixations, interspersed by rapid movements of the eye called saccades. The
direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the
observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene
(e.g. colour, texture, brightness etc). Importantly, studying eye movements
offers an insight that does not depend on the participants’ beliefs, memories or
subjective impressions of the artwork. Previous eye tracking research has
highlighted the potential to transform the ways we understand visual processing
in the arts (see for example Brieber 2014; Binderman et al., 2005) and at the
same time offers a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum
visit (Filippini Fantoni et al., 2013; Heidenreich & Turano 2011; Milekic 2010).
Zurbarán’s cycle of Jacob and his Sons has been on display in the Long Room at
Auckland Castle for over 250 years. It is the only cycle to be preserved in
purpose-built surroundings in the UK, and one of very few of its kind in the
world. It has a long history in scholarship (Baron & Beresford 2014), but many
key aspects of its production and significance have not yet been fully
understood. In this study we used eye-tracking in the first stage of exploring
audience experience of the extensive Spanish art collections of County Durham,
of which the 13 Zurbarán artworks (there are actually only 12 Zurbarán artworks,
the 13th Benjamin, is a copy by Arthur Pond) are a key part of, to investigate
the ways in which audiences look at Spanish art, how aesthetic experience is
evaluated and whether audiences can be encouraged to approach art in different
ways. This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually
explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has
to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at
the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a
museum visit, namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor
visual behaviour. 

The Use of Cognitive Digital Games in School: Contributions to Attention Daniela
Karine Ramos dadaniela@gmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin Bruna
Anastacio brunaanastacio@hotmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin
Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human
cognition, while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts, fun
and cognition, for the improvement of cognitive functions. The attention is the
main point made in this study, since it is fundamental to the learning process
and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools. With respect
to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive processes,
researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on
improving the performance related to basic visual skills (Li, Polat, Scalzo, &
Bavelier, 2010); on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously (Dye &
Bavelier, 2010; Feng, Spence, & Pratt, 2007); and on the ability to do more than
one task at the same time (Boot, Kramer, Simons, Fabiani, & Gratton, 2008).
Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school
context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student's
attention span at preschool age (Rueda, Checa, & Cómbita, 2012), to improve
overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children (Miller & Robertson,
2010), and to better performance of working memory ability (Klingberg et al.,
2005; Thorell, Lindqvist, Nutley, Bohlin, & Klingberg, 2009). Considering the
importance of the proper functioning of attention, because of its involvement in
the regulation of thoughts and emotions, maintaining the performance of this
process is very important, especially in school, where the child must acquire
content in an environment full of countless distractors. The study in question
focuses on the attention, proposing and evaluation in the context of the
classroom. Thus, it suggests the use of digital games in an integrated way the
school activities in the classroom. The games have features like increasing
challenges, rules that establish what can and can notbe done, and involvement of
the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game (Kirriemuir & McFarlane,
2004; Prensky, 2005). We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a
system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database, of the Escola do
Cérebro, for monitoring and improvement of cognitive skills, highlighting the
attention. The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of
cognitive functions, especially the working memory, attention and capacity of
solving problems. The study combines qualitative and quantitative approaches. It
collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well
as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify
their perceptions of digital games’ contributions to the learning process.
Furthermore, before and after the implementation of the intervention, we
performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained
attention, as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed. The intervention
consisted in the use of the Escola do Cérebro, using tablets in the classroom,
daily for a period of five weeks. The sample consisted of 71 students of the
Application School of Basic Education, Federal University of Santa Catarina,
aged 7 and 9 years old (M = 7.64 ± 1.12), which were divided into two groups:
participant and control. The first (n = 31) participated in the intervention,
the control group (n = 40) was only evaluated using the test before and after
the same time interval of interventions. The Escola do Cérebro is a platform
that integrates seven digital games into a database. The application allows
visualization of the player's performance and offers the possibility of
monitoring by teachers. Students have their scores measured by four variables:
time, speed, stability and accuracy. A statistical analysis was performed based
on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score
obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups. The
difference in the results obtained from the application of D2 Test of attention
before and after was statistically significant (p < 0.05), the participant group
had mean and standard deviation 60.23 (64.75) respectively, while the control
group was 20.00 (42.65). The result indicates significant improvement in the
performance of the sustained attention in the test, as well as a high
dispersion, which reveals a variation in relation to the performance. In
addition, students participating in the interview reported a preference for
games that involve problem solving, recognize the need to plan actions in
relation to their importance for the game and for daily activities, and realize
improvements in the ability to sustain attention. The teachers observed changes
after the intervention, emphasizing the greater persistence and involvement in
school activities, and in some students, improvement in the ability to sustain
attention. From this, we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive
digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of
sustained attention. 

4. Discussion. We hypothesized that the children, who were over the age of six
at the time of collection, would have adult-like SI interpretations. We expected
that the use of a training session and then the format of the question would
guide participants towards evaluating pragmatic felicity over providing truth
value judgments, and would result in adult-like interpretations. Further, we
posited that if our initial hypothesis was not supported, and in fact there was
some non-adult-like performance, that there would be significant variability
among the conditions, with cardinal numbers having the highest performance and
some the weakest. On the surface, it does seem as if there is variability and
perhaps a larger sample size or more items could lead to a significant finding
(see limitations below), but at least for this study, the only significant
finding was the difference between cardinal numbers and some. Significant
differences were not observed between all and cardinal numbers or all and some.
4.1. LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS. This study is limited in its power and
generalizability. It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed
for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more
generally. Bantu languages are not included in studies of acquisition often
enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the
millions of people using them. Future studies need to include more participants
and more items to increase power. Future studies should also include a larger
age range of children to document the age at which adult-like performance
emerges. Related cross-cultural studies have resulted in insufficient
statistical power, but interesting trends (e.g., Nedwick, 2014). Follow-up
studies with increased stimuli and participants are needed. In a future study,
it is also important to consider if additional training in the difference
between reporting on felicity and truth value judgments would impact results, or
if more naturalistic experimental conditions (e.g., demonstrating actions using
real objects instead of two-dimensional depictions) would be beneficial.
Previous studies in this region of sub-Saharan Africa have found evidence of
cultural differences in testing behavior (Hein, Reich, Marks, Thuma, &
Grigorenko, 2016). The current study is too small to make strong conclusions
with regard to cultural differences and experimental methods; however, in the
study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children responded more or less
frequently based on factors such as stimuli type. In the current study, the
responses from two children were not included because they responded the same
way to every item through the training and all test items. More specifically,
they answered “yes” that the puppet described the pictures well. It is possible
that these two children understood the task and really did believe that the
puppet did not produce any poor descriptions, and in this regard, are not yet
adult-like in their SI interpretations. This is unlikely as they said that even
the first training item was said well. It is also possible though that these two
children were attempting to please the data collectors, or be polite, and that
“yes” was in some ways a default answer to be provided when having to respond
verbally in a test context. Additional training with the methodology could
improve outcomes. The puppets used were picked specifically for this task with
careful attention to their appearance. Upon arrival at the school, however, it
became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and
that the data collection would be a novel experience for them. Further
exploration with greater cardinal number ranges could also prove interesting.
Numbers through five in the participating communities are most often expressed
with native Chitonga words while numbers greater than five are typically
indicated using English borrowings. The cardinal numbers included in this study
were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability, but
larger numbers should be included in future research. 5. Conclusion. Albeit
limited, these results provide valuable insight into SI interpretation by
Chitonga-speaking children and demonstrate that pragmatic inference acquisition
likely follows the order identified in previous research, but appears to be
completed at a later age in this language. This interesting combination of
findings – expected hierarchy of difficulty, but differing age of acquisition –
is an important addition to our growing cross-linguistic knowledge of SI and
could be the result of language-specific differences in the use of SI lexical
items or methodological differences. 

Re(a)d Wedding: A Comparative Discourse Analysis of Fan Responses to Game of
Thrones It is no exaggeration to say that HBO’s Game of Thrones is more than
just a television series or a successful brand: it is a transmedia system in the
sense first used by Marsha Kinder (1991) and popularized by Henry Jenkins
(2006), in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the
“storyworld” of an original production. Now spanning six seasons and 60
episodes, with an average global viewership (from its most recent season) of
25.1 million viewers per episode (Shepherd, 2016), it has spawned five video
games, a graphic novel adaptation, several companion books, two rap albums, a
28-city orchestral tour, a wide variety of tabletop games, toys, merchandise and
mobile apps, and countless podcasts, fanfics and other fan-based creations.
Given the volume of content this represents, it is easy to forget that the
television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing
fandom. As such, the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and
challenging environment for fans old and new, who must negotiate an increasingly
complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its
narratives. In this sense, fans of the series represent an emerging model for
cultural consumption that should be carefully explored. Transmedia systems, like
that exemplified by Game of Thrones, are becoming increasingly prevalent (e.g.,
Star Wars, Harry Potter, The Walking Dead, the Marvel Cinematic Universe, etc);
these systems demonstrate, in microcosm, the global challenge of managing the
fire-hose flow of information in contemporary postdigital society. The study of
how people, as fans, access and manage information within a transmedia system
provides valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and
scholars of the media industry, but to the wider context of cultural studies, by
offering findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user.
For us, as digital humanists, defining the “transmedia fan” is of particular
relevance as we seek to understand contemporary social and cultural
transformations engendered by digital technologies. Methodology As a first step
in defining the “transmedia fan”, the current project undertakes a comparative
discourse analysis of online conversations of Game of Thrones fans. One of the
most dramatic plot developments in the source material (Martin, 2000) was
adapted to the screen in the penultimate episode of the third season, “The Rains
of Castamere” (Benioff & Weiss, 2013). Readers of the book series had long
anticipated and dreaded the events of the “Red Wedding”, while fans of the show
unfamiliar with Martin’s narrative were largely taken unawares by the pivotal
episode. Since the television series’ inception, writers at The AV Club have
written two critical reviews for each episode: one for viewers familiar with the
books (i.e., “Experts”) and one for viewers unfamiliar with the books and averse
to “spoilers” (i.e., “Newbies”). What results are two completely separate
reviews of “The Rains of Castamere” which in turn document the fans’ reactions
to the episode in the form of user comment threads: one comment thread where
fans were expected to be shocked by the outcome of the episode and one comment
thread where fans had hotly anticipated it. As a pilot project, the current work
takes the content of both comment threads — a corpus of approximately 5,600
comments — and analyzes each thread separately using a qualitative coding method
aligned with constructivist grounded theory (Charmaz, 2006). Through this
analysis, a categorization of themes emerges illustrating tactics for
negotiating intertexts and paratexts unique to each group of fans. These themes
fall under two broad categories: negotiation (i.e., emotional responses) and
tactical negotiation (i.e., cognitive, or reasoned responses). A comparison of
categories and sub-categories between both groups provides preliminary findings
to support an emergent model, or models, of the “transmedia fan”. Conclusion The
present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia
systems, as exemplified by Game of Thrones, through the study of fans. The
question posed by this research is, fundamentally, an examination of how the
problem of “access” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the
consumer. Future research should explore the negotiation tactics observed in
transmedia fans using the principles of De Certeau’s (1984) everyday life
practice, in order to extend its application to the broader context of
modern-day consumers. The current study will contribute to the development of
further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the
information behaviors of the transmedia fan. This project is of relevance to
researchers in media studies, fan studies, information studies and digital
humanities. 

Pierre Charles L'Enfant, Pierre Charles L'Enfant (French: [pjɛʁ ʃɑʁl lɑ̃fɑ̃];
August 2, 1754 – June 14, 1825), self-identified as Peter Charles L'Enfant while
living in the United States, was a French-born American military engineer who
designed the basic plan for Washington, D.C. (capital city of the U.S.) known
today as the L'Enfant Plan (1791). Early life and education L'Enfant was born in
Paris, France on August 2, 1754, the third child and second son of Pierre
L'Enfant (1704 – 1787), a painter with a good reputation in the service of King
Louis XV of France, (1710 - 1774, reigned 1715 - 1774), and Marie L'Enfant, the
daughter of a minor official at court. In 1758, his brother Pierre Joseph died
at the age of six, and Pierre Charles became the eldest son. He studied art at
the Royal Academy in the Louvre, as well as with his father at the Royal Academy
of Painting and Sculpture. He left school in France to enlist in the American
Revolutionary War on the side of the rebelling colonials. Military service
L'Enfant was recruited by Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais to serve in the
American Revolutionary War in the United States. He arrived in 1777 at the age
of 23, and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major
General Lafayette. He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on
April 3, 1779 to rank from February 18, 1778. Despite his aristocratic origins,
L'Enfant closely identified with the United States, changing his first name from
Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777. L'Enfant
served on General George Washington's staff at Valley Forge. While there, the
Marquis de Lafayette commissioned L'Enfant to paint a portrait of Washington. He
was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9, 1779. He recovered and became
a prisoner of war at surrender of Charleston, South Carolina on May 12, 1780. He
was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George Washington's staff
for the remainder of the American Revolution. L'Enfant was promoted by brevet to
Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2, 1783, in recognition of his service to
the cause of American liberty. He was discharged when the Continental Army was
disbanded in December 1783. After the war, L'Enfant designed the badge of the
Society of the Cincinnati, an organization of former officers of the Continental
Army, shaped as an eagle, at the request of Washington. He was sent to France to
have insignias made for members of the Society, a group of veterans of the war.
Career Post–Revolutionary War Following the American Revolutionary War, L'Enfant
established a successful and highly profitable civil engineering firm in New
York City. He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in
New York for the First Congress of the United States (See: Federal Hall). He
also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals,
including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati. He was also a friend of
Alexander Hamilton, and some of their correspondances from 1790 to 1801 now
reside in the National Archives. While L'Enfant was in New York City, he was
initiated into Freemasonry. His initiation took place on April 17, 1789, at
Holland Lodge No. 8, F&AM, which the Grand Lodge of New York F&AM had chartered
in 1787. L'Enfant took only the first of three degrees offered by the Lodge and
did not progress further in Freemasonry. 

Zaha Hadid Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA (Arabic: زها حديد Zahā Ḥadīd; 31
October 1950 – 31 March 2016) was an Iraqi-British architect. She was the first
woman to receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize, in 2004. She received the UK's
most prestigious architectural award, the Stirling Prize, in 2010 and 2011. In
2012, she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to architecture, and in
2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the Royal Gold Medal from
the Royal Institute of British Architects. She was described by The Guardian of
London as the 'Queen of the curve', who "liberated architectural geometry,
giving it a whole new expressive identity. "Her major works include the aquatic
centre for the London 2012 Olympics, Michigan State University's Broad Art
Museum in the US, and the Guangzhou Opera House in China. Some of her designs
have been presented posthumously, including the statuette for the 2017 Brit
Awards, and many of her buildings are still under construction, including the Al
Wakrah Stadium in Qatar, a venue for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. Early life and
academic career Hadid was born on 31 October 1950 in Baghdad, Iraq, to an
upper-class Iraqi family. Her father Mohammed Hadid Muhammad al-Hajj Husayn
Hadid was a wealthy industrialist from Mosul. He co-founded the left-liberal
al-Ahali group in 1932, a significant political organisation in the 1930s and
1940s. He was the co-founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq. He served
as minister of finance after the overthrow of the monarch after the 1958 Iraqi
coup d'état for the government of General Abd al-Karim Qasim. Her mother Wajiha
al-Sabunji was an artist from Mosul. In the 1960s Hadid attended boarding
schools in England and Switzerland. Hadid studied mathematics at the American
University of Beirut before moving, in 1972, to London to study at the
Architectural Association School of Architecture. There she studied with Rem
Koolhaas, Elia Zenghelis and Bernard Tschumi. Her former professor, Koolhaas,
described her at graduation as "a planet in her own orbit." Zenghelis described
her as the most outstanding pupil he ever taught. "We called her the inventor of
the 89 degrees. Nothing was ever at 90 degrees. She had spectacular vision. All
the buildings were exploding into tiny little pieces." He recalled that she was
less interested in details, such as staircases." The way she drew a staircase
you would smash your head against the ceiling, and the space was reducing and
reducing, and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling. She couldn’t
care about tiny details. Her mind was on the broader pictures — when it came to
the joinery she knew we could fix that later. She was right.’ Her fourth-year
student project was a painting of a hotel in the form of a bridge, inspired by
the works of the Russian suprematist artist Kazimir Malevich 

Ichiyō Higuchi Ichiyō Higuchi (樋口 一葉 Higuchi Ichiyō, May 2, 1872 – November 23,
1896) was a pen name of Japanese author Natsu Higuchi (樋口 奈津 Higuchi Natsu),
also known as Natsuko Higuchi (樋口 夏子 Higuchi Natsuko). Specializing in short
stories, she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji
period (1868 - 1912) and Japan's first prominent woman writer of modern times.
She wrote relatively little as a result of living a brief life — she died at 24
— but her stories had a large impact on Japanese literature and she is still
appreciated by the Japanese public today. Efforts to become a writer She, her
mother, and younger sister made ends meet by doing needlework, washing, and
other jobs. In 1892, after seeing the success of a classmate, Kaho Tanabe, who
wrote a novel, Higuchi decided to become a novelist to support her family.
Nevertheless, her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short
story, a form to which she would remain true. In 1891 she met her future advisor
who would help, she assumed, this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her
with editors: Tosui Nakarai. She fell in love with him right away, not knowing
that, at 31, he had a reputation as a womanizer. Nor did she realize that he
wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way
wished to be associated with serious literature. Her mentor did not return her
passionate, if discreet, love for him, and instead treated her as a younger
sister. This failed relationship would become a recurrent theme in Higuchi's
fiction. Eventually, she got the break she was so eager for: her first stories
were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name, Ichiyo Higuchi. The
stories from this first period (1892 – 94) suffered from the excessive influence
of Heian poetry. Higuchi felt compelled to demonstrate her classical literary
training. The plots were thin, there was little development of character and
they were loaded down by excessive sentiment, especially when compared to what
she was writing concurrently in her diary. But she was developing rapidly.
Several of her trademark themes appear; for example, the triangular relationship
among a lonely, beautiful, young woman who has lost her parents, a handsome man
who has abandoned her (and remains in the background), and a lonely and
desperate ragamuffin who falls in love with her. Another theme Higuchi repeated
was the ambition and cruelty of the Meiji middle class. The story "Umoregi" ("In
Obscurity") signaled Higuchi's arrival as a professional writer. It was
published in the prestigious journal Miyako no Hana in 1892, only nine months
after she had started writing in earnest. Her work was noticed and she was
recognized as a promising new author. Her last years In 1893, Higuchi, her
mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and, with a grim
determination to survive, moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a
stationery store that before long failed. Their new dwelling was a five-minute
walk from Tokyo's ill-famed red-light district, the Yoshiwara. Her experience
living in this neighborhood would provide material for several of her later
stories, especially "Takekurabe", (literally," Comparing heights"; "Child's
Play" in the Robert Lyons Danly translation; also called "Growing Up" in the
Edward Seidensticker translation.) The stories of her mature period (1894 – 96)
were not only marked by her experience living near the red-light district and
greater concern over the plight of women, but also by the influence of Ihara
Saikaku, a 17th-century writer, whose stories she had recently discovered. His
distinctiveness lay in great part in his acceptance of low-life characters as
worthwhile literary subjects. What Higuchi added was a special awareness of
suffering and sensitivity. To this period belong "Ōtsugomori" ("On the Last Day
of the Year"), "Nigorie" ("Troubled Waters"), "Wakare-Michi" ("Separate Ways"),
"Jūsan'ya" ("The Thirteenth Night") and "Takekurabe" ("Child's Play"). The last
two are considered her best work. With these last stories her fame spread
throughout the Tokyo literary establishment. In her humble home she was visited
by other writers, students of poetry, admirers, the curious, critics, and
editors requesting her collaboration. But between constant interruptions and
frequent headaches, Higuchi stopped writing. As her father and one of her
brothers had before her, she had caught tuberculosis. She died on November 23,
1896, at the age of twenty-four. Higuchi's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen
banknote as of fall 2004, becoming the third woman to appear on a Japanese
banknote, after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000. Her
best-known stories have been made into movies. 

Eugene Nida Eugene A. Nida (November 11, 1914 – August 25, 2011) was a linguist
who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the
founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies. Life Nida was born in
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma on November 11, 1914. He became a Christian at a young
age, when he responded to the altar call at his church "to accept Christ as my
Saviour." He graduated summa cum laude from the University of California in
1936. After graduating he attended Camp Wycliffe, where Bible translation theory
was taught. He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in
Chihuahua, Mexico, until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high
altitude forced him to leave. Sometime in this period, Nida became a founding
charter member of Wycliffe Bible Translators, a related organization to the
Summer Institute of Linguistics. In 1937, Nida undertook studies at the
University of Southern California, where he obtained a master's degree in New
Testament Greek in 1939. In that same year he became interim pastor of Calvary
Church of Santa Ana, California following the resignation of its founding
pastor. Despite his conservative background, in later years Nida became
increasingly ecumenical and New Evangelical (clarification needed) in his
approach. In 1943, Nida received his Ph.D. in Linguistics from the University of
Michigan. He was ordained as a Baptist minister. He married Althea Lucille
Sprague, who died in 1993. In 1997, he married María Elena Fernandez-Miranda, a
lawyer and diplomatic attache. Nida retired in the early 1980s, although he
continued to give lectures in universities all around the world, and lived in
Alpine, Arizona, USA; Madrid, Spain and Brussels, Belgium. He died in Madrid on
August 25, 2011 aged 96. Theories Nida has been a pioneer in the fields of
translation theory and linguistics. His Ph.D. dissertation, A Synopsis of
English Syntax, was the first full-scale analysis of a major language according
to the "immediate-constituent" theory. His textbook Morphology: The Descriptive
Analysis of Words was one of the major works of American Structuralism. It
remained the only thorough introduction to the field for decades and is still
valuable for its many examples and exercises. His most notable contribution to
translation theory is Dynamic Equivalence, also known as Functional Equivalence.
For more information, see "Dynamic and formal equivalence." Nida also developed
the componential analysis technique, which split words into their components to
help determine equivalence in translation (e.g. "bachelor" = male + unmarried).
This is, perhaps, not the best example of the technique, though it is the most
well-known. Nida's dynamic-equivalence theory is often held in opposition to the
views of philologists who maintain that an understanding of the source text (ST)
can be achieved by assessing the inter-animation of words on the page, and that
meaning is self-contained within the text (i.e. much more focused on achieving
semantic equivalence). This theory, along with other theories of correspondence
in translating, are elaborated in his essay Principles of Correspondence, where
Nida begins by asserting that given that "no two languages are identical, either
in the meanings given to corresponding symbols or in the ways in which symbols
are arranged in phrases and sentences, it stands to reason that there can be no
absolute correspondence between languages. Hence, there can be no fully exact
translations." While the impact of a translation may be close to the original,
there can be no identity in detail. Nida then sets forth the differences in
translation, as he would account for it, within three basic factors: The nature
of the message: in some messages the content is of primary consideration, and in
others the form must be given a higher priority. The purpose of the author and
of the translator: to give information on both form and content; to aim at full
intelligibility of the reader so he / she may understand the full implications
of the message; for imperative purposes that aim at not just understanding the
translation but also at ensuring no misunderstanding of the translation. The
type of audience: prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and in
potential interest. Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such
things as "identical equivalents" in translating, what one must in translating
seek to do is find the "closest natural equivalent". Here he identifies two
basic orientations in translating based on two different types of equivalence:
Formal Equivalence (F-E) and Dynamic Equivalence (D-E). F-E focuses attention on
the message itself, in both form and content. Such translations then would be
concerned with such correspondences as poetry to poetry, sentence to sentence,
and concept to concept. Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of
structural equivalence is called a "gloss translation" in which the translator
aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and
content of the original. The principles governing an F-E translation would then
be: reproduction of grammatical units; consistency in word usage; and meanings
in terms of the source context. 

The Valley of Giants I had buried my parents in their gray marble mausoleum at
the heart of the city. I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud
of the bottom of the river, where all the riverboatmen lie. And after the war, I
had buried my children, all four, in white linen shrouds in the new graveyards
plowed into what used to be our farmland: all the land stretching from the river
delta to the hills. I had one granddaughter who survived the war. I saw her
sometimes: in a bright pink dress, a sparkling drink in her hand, on the arm of
some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders, at the edge of a marble
patio. She never looked back at me — poverty and failure and political disrepute
being all, these days, contagious and synonymous. The young were mostly dead,
and the old men had been taken away, they told us, to learn important new things
and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully. So it was a city of
grandmothers. And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot
tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg —
that I first heard of the valley of giants. We all laughed at the idea, except
for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face,
who was incensed. “We live in the modern era!” she cried. “You should be ashamed
of yourself!" The traveler stood up from the table. She was bony and
rough-skinned and bent like an old crow, with a blue silk scarf and hanks of
hair as black as soot. Her eyes were veined with red. “Nonetheless,” the
traveler said, and she walked out. They were laughing at the chemist as well as
at the traveler. To find anyone still proud, anyone who believed in giants or
shame, was hilarious. The air of the bar was acrid with triumph. Finding someone
even more vulnerable and foolish than we were, after everything had been taken
from us — that was a delight. But I followed the traveler, into the wet streets.
The smell of fish oozed from the docks. Here and there were bits of charred
debris in the gutters. I caught her at her door. She invited me in for tea and
massage. Her limbs were weathered and ringed, like the branches of trees in the
dry country. She smelled like honey that has been kept a while in a dark room, a
little fermented. A heady smell. In the morning, brilliant sunlight scoured the
walls and the floor, and the traveler and her pack were gone. I hurried home. My
house had survived the war with all its brown clay walls intact, though the
garden and the courtyard were a heap of blackened rubble. My house was empty and
cold. I packed six loaves of flatbread, some olives, a hard cheese, one nice
dress, walking clothes, my pills and glasses, a jug of wine, a can-teen of
water, and a kitchen knife. I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while,
looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting. That
granddaughter: her parents both worked in the vineyards, and when she was a
child, she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons. When she scraped her
knees bloody on the stones, she refused to cry. She would cry from frustration
when the older children could do something that she couldn't — like tie knots,
or catch a chicken. 

Oversite “It doesn’t hurt, Gram,” Renata says. My sixteen-year-old daughter
pulls up her T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm, the skin summer brown and the
muscle swelling slightly into smooth biceps, flawless. “I had it done when I was
little and see, you can’t even tell.” My mother is sitting in the little
examining room at the assisted living. Everything is white and hospital-like but
there’s no examining couch. There’s just a desk, a little white table with two
chairs and a scale. The doctor, a woman I don’t know, is sitting in the other
chair. My mother is bewildered, her face turned up towards me. She’s got
Alzheimer’s. “It’s okay, Mom,” I say. She wants to understand, I can see that.
So I explain again. “It’s an implant that will let them know where you are, and
how you are. It won’t hurt.” Her eyes water constantly, now. In the time it
takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words, grasps and loses phrases as
they go past. She looks at me and then at Renata, who is smiling, and finally
submits uncomprehendingly. We have worn her down. The doctor bares my mother’s
arm, where the crepey flesh hangs loosely on the bones. The doctor swabs her
upper arm with antiseptic and says, “I’m going to give you something to numb it,
okay?” To me the doctor says in her normal voice, “It’s just a little
lidocaine.” I don’t like the doctor, but I don’t know why. She is no-nonsense.
She has professional hair, lightly streaked. This is no reason to dislike her.
My mother winces at the injection and is surprised again. She looks up at me, at
Renata. We are smiling, both of us. “Okay,” my mother says. What is okay? I have
no idea. We wait for a few minutes. My mother says, “Is it time to go?” “Not
yet,” I say. “They ’re going to give you an injection.” “What?” my mother says.
“They ’re going to implant a chip. It will help them take care of you.” I try to
say it every time as if it was the first time I said it. I don’t want to
embarrass her. Her head swings around, from Renata to me to the doctor and then
back to Renata. “It’s okay, Gram,” Renata says. “Renata,” my mother says. The
doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter, she
puts it firmly against my mother’s arm and puts the chip in. “Oh!” says my
mother. It’s another low-grade moment of horror, but I think about that
particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united, she
and I. So that’s a good memory. I come back to it a lot. In the background,
shining, is Renata, who is young and healthy and good, raising her arm to show
her grandmother that the chip is nothing, nothing at all. The last two nights I
have dreamed of dogs in trouble. I don’t dream about Renata, although when the
dreams wake me up, it’s thinking about Renata that keeps me awake. The first
night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it
was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road. That was the first night
Renata didn’t come home and it doesn’t take Freud to figure out what that meant.
Seventeen-year-olds sleep on friends’ couches, I know. Or Renata might be
sleeping in her car. The second night I dreamed that I was on a desert island
and Sonia, our golden retriever, was with me. There was some horrible fate
impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse happened. I
laid her down on some sticks. She trusts me, she’s more my dog than anyone’s,
and she didn’t like it but for me she lay there. In my dream I told her, “Stay,
Sonia. Stay.” She stayed because I held her there by looking at her, the way you
can sometimes will a dog into submission. She stayed while I lit the fire. And
then the horror of it all hit me and I said, “Sonia, up!” And I woke up. That
was last night, the second night Renata didn’t come home. 

Stranger Things Happen - Water Off a Black Dog’s Back Rachel Rook took Carroll
home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him. For a
generous girl, a girl who took off her clothes with abandon, she was remarkably
close-mouthed about some things. In two months Carroll had learned that her
parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town; that they sold
strawberries in summer, and Christmas trees in the winter. He knew that they
never left the farm; instead, the world came to them in the shape of weekend
picnickers and driveby tourists. Do you think your parents will like me?" he
said. He had spent the afternoon preparing for this visit as carefully as if he
were preparing for an exam. He had gotten his hair cut, trimmed his nails,
washed his neck and behind his ears. The outfit he had chosen, khaki pants and a
blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed. He stood
before Rachel in his plain white underwear and white socks, gazing at her as if
she were a mirror. "No," she said. It was the first time she had been to his
apartment, and she stood square in the center of his bedroom, her arms folded
against her body as if she was afraid to sit down, to touch something. "Why?"
"My father will like you," she said. "But he likes everyone. My mother's more
particular -- she thinks that you lack a serious nature." Carroll put on his
pants, admiring the crease. "So you've talked to her about me." "Yes." "But you
haven't talked about her to me." "No." "Are you ashamed of her?" Rachel snorted.
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision
to take him home. "You 're ashamed of me," he guessed, and Rachel kissed him and
smiled and didn't say anything. Rachel still lived on her parents' farm, which
made it all the more remarkable that she had kept Carroll and her parents apart
for so long. It suggested a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll's
heart with admiration and lust. She was nineteen, two years younger than
Carroll; she was a student at Jellicoh College and every weekday she rose at
seven and biked four miles into town, and then back again on her bike, four
miles uphill to the farm. Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library,
where he had a part-time job. He sat at the checkout desk, stamping books and
reading Tristram Shandy for a graduate class; he was almost asleep when someone
said, "Excuse me." He looked up. The girl who stood before the tall desk was
red-headed. Sunlight streaming in through a high window opposite her lit up the
fine hairs on her arm, the embroidered flowers on the collar of her white shirt.
The sunlight turned her hair to fire and Carroll found it difficult to look
directly at her. "Can I help you?" he said. She placed a shredded rectangle on
the desk, and Carroll picked it up between his thumb and forefinger. Pages hung
in tatters from the sodden blue spine. Title, binding, and covers had been
gnawed away. "I need to pay for a damaged book," she said. "What happened? Did
your dog eat it?" he said, making a joke. "Yes," she said, and smiled. "What's
your name?" Carroll said. Already, he thought he might be in love. 

The Cost to Be Wise Veronique stayed with me that night, lying next to me in my
blankets and furs. She didn't sleep, I don't think. I was listening to her
breath. I felt as if I should help her sleep. I lay there and tried to think if
I should put my arm around her, but I didn't know. Maybe she didn't want to be
touched. And she had been a stupid girl, anyway. She lay tense in the dark. "Are
you going to be a teacher?" I asked. She laughed. "If I get out of here." I
waited for her to say more, but she didn't. "Get out of here" meant to make
someone leave. Maybe she meant if she made herself. "You come here from Earth?"
I asked. To get her to talk, although I was tired of lingua and I didn't really
want to think about anything. "My family came here from Earth," she said. "Why?"
"My father, he's an anthropologist," she said. "Do you know anthropologist?"
"No," I said. "He is a person who studies the way people live. And he is a
teacher." All the offworlders I had ever met were teachers. I wondered who did
all the work on Earth. "Because Earth had lost touch with your world, the people
here are very interesting to my father," she said. Her voice was listless in the
dark and she was even harder to understand when I couldn't see her properly. I
didn't understand so I didn't say anything. I was sorry I'd started her talking.
"History, do you know the word ' history '?" she asked. Of course I knew the
word "history." "I study history in school," I said. Anneal and Kumar taught it.
"Do you know the history of this world?" It took my tired head a long time to
sort that out. "Yes," I said. "We are a colony. People from Earth come here to
live. Then there is a big problem on Earth, and the people of Earth forget we
are here. We forget we are from Earth. Then Earth finds us again." "Some people
have stories about coming from the Earth," Veronique said. "My father is
collecting those stories from different peoples. I'm a graduate student." The
clans didn't have any stories about coming from Earth. We said the first people
came out of the sun. This somehow seemed embarrassing. I didn't understand what
kind of student she was. "Are you here for stories?" I asked. "No," she said.
"Ian is old friends with your teacher, from back when they were both with the
survey. We just came to visit." I didn't understand what she'd said except that
they were visiting. We were quiet after that. I pretended to sleep. Sometimes
there was gunfire outside and we jumped, even Mam on the bed. Everyone but Bet.
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up. I fell asleep thinking
about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone. I dreamed that I was
at the offworlder's home, where it was summer but no one was taking care of the
stabros, and they were all glad, and so I was a hero - and I was startled awake
by gunfire. Just more drinking and shooting. I wished my da would come home. It
didn't seem fair that we should lie here and be afraid while the men were
getting drunk and singing. 

The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz A ROMANCE IN EIGHT DAYS by JOHANN
VALENTIN ANDREAE in a new version by JOHN CROWLEY illustrated by THEO FADEL
SMALL BEER PRESS EASTHAMPTON, MASS. Introduction I The Chemical Wedding by
Christian Rosencreutz is the way I’ve decided to present the title of this book.
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian
Rosencreutz, which suggests (and most people who’ve heard of it suppose) that
the wedding is Christian’s. It’s not; Christian Rosencreutz is the purported
author of a book called The Chemical Wedding. The actual author is Johann
Valentin Andreae, whose name didn’t appear on the book originally, thus ensuring
the confusion. I’ll call it herein(as everyone mostly does) simply The Chemical
Wedding. Though its original readers would have had a certain amount of context
for the truly bizarre and surprising events it tells of, it’s possible that The
Chemical Wedding is now more enjoyable without knowing that context, and
experiencing the book unmediated. You might therefore wish to start right in on
the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction.
Consider a similar case: a little book published in 1934 by the Surrealist
artist Max Ernst called Une Semaine de Bonté. It was made entirely of collaged
illustrations cut out of old books The First Day It was just before Easter
Sunday, 1 and I was sitting at my table. I’d said my prayers, talking a long
time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the
Father of Lights had revealed to me. Now I was ready to make and to bake – only
in my heart, actually – a small, perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved
Paschal Lamb. All of a sudden a terrible wind blew up, so strong that I thought
the hill my little house was built on would be blown apart – but I’d seen the
Devil do things as bad as this before (the Devil had often tried to harm me), so
I took heart and went on meditating. Till I felt somebody touch me on the back.
This frightened me so that I didn’t dare turn. I tried to stay as brave and calm
as a human being could under the circumstances. I felt my coat tugged at, and
tugged again, and at last I looked around. A woman stood there, so bright and
beautiful, in a sky-colored robe – a heavens covered with 1 Christian’s story
begins just before Easter, like Dante’s Divine Comedy. It can be seen as an
allegory of Christ’s death and resurrection, though this idea produces some
puzzles. The birds sang so beautifully, the young deer skipped so happily, that
it gladdened my old heart, and I couldn't help singing too ... THE FOURTH DAY I
was awake and lying in bed next morning, looking idly at the wonderful images
and inscriptions all around my room, when suddenly I heard the sound of
trumpets, as if a procession were already underway. My page jumped out of bed as
if crazed, looking more dead than alive, and you can imagine how I felt when he
cried, “They 're already being presented to the king!" I could only groan in
frustration and curse my lazy bones. I got dressed, but my page was quicker than
I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what. He soon came back and
gave me the good news that I actually hadn’t overslept; all I’d done was miss
breakfast: they hadn’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest. But now I
had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain, where most of the others
were gathered. Such a relief! My spirits recovered, and as soon as I had got
into my habit, I followed him to the garden I have already told about. I found
that the lion, in place of his sword, now held a rather large plaque. Examining
this, I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I’d seen
and put here for some special reason. The inscription on it was fading away, so
I should set it down here as it was then, and ask my readers to ponder it:
Prince Hermes: Now after humankind has suffered so much harm here I flow having
by god’s counsel and with the help of art become a healing balm. Drink from me
if you can; wash, if you like; trouble my waters if you dare. Drink, Brethren!
Drink and live! 

Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about 'self-medicating' ants Tuesday,
September 1, 2015 Formica fusca, from file. Image: Mathias Krumbholz. Nick Bos,
of the University of Helsinki, studies "the amazing adaptations social insects
have evolved in order to fight the extreme parasite pressure they experience".
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants
appearing to self-medicate. "I have no doubt that as time goes on, there will be
more and more cases documented" The team used Formica fusca, an ant species that
can form thousand-strong colonies. This common black ant eats other insects, and
also aphid honeydew. It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging
workers can sometimes be spotted climbing trees. Some ants were infected with
Beauveria bassiana, a fungus. Infected ants chose food laced with toxic hydrogen
peroxide, whereas healthy ants avoided it. Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected
ant fatalities by 15%, and the ants varied their intake depending upon how high
the peroxide concentration was. In the wild, Formica fusca can encounter similar
chemicals in aphids and dead ants. The Independent reported self-medicating ants
a first among insects. Bos obtained his doctorate from the University of
Copenhagen. He began postdoctoral research at Helsinki in 2012. He also runs the
AntyScience blog. The blog aims to help address "a gap between scientists and
'the general public'." The name is a pun referencing ants, its primary topic,
science, and "non-scientific" jargon-free communication. He now discusses his
work with Wikinews. Beauveria bassiana on a cicada in Bolivia. Image: Danny
Newman. What first attracted you to researching ants? Me and a studymate were
keeping a lot of animals during our studies, from beetles, to butterflies and
mantids, to ants. We had the ants in an observation nest, and I could just look
at them for hours, watching them go about. This was in my third year of Biology
study I think. After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for
my M.Sc. studies, and decided to write a couple of professors. I ended up going
to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a
project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre. I
liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I've been working on social
insects ever since. What methods and equipment were used for this investigation?
This is a fun one. I try to work on a very low budget, and like to build most of
the experimental setups myself (we actually have equipment in the lab nicknamed
the 'Nickinator', 'i-Nick' and the 'Nicktendo64'). There's not that much money
in fundamental science at the moment, so I try to cut the costs wherever
possible. We collected wild colonies of Formica fusca by searching through old
tree-trunks in old logging sites in southern Finland. We then housed the ants in
nests I made using Y-tong [aerated concrete]. It's very soft stone that you can
easily carve. We carved out little squares for the ants to live in (covered with
old CD covers to prevent them escaping!). We then drilled a tunnel to a pot (the
foraging arena), where the ants got the choice between the food with medicine
and the food without. We infected the ants by preparing a solution of the fungus
Beauveria bassiana. Afterwards, each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple
of seconds, dried on a cloth and put in the nest. After exposing the ants to the
fungus, we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day, and counted
how many ants were present on each food-source. Example of aerated concrete,
which provided a home for the subjects. Image: Marco Bernardini. This gave us
the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected. The
result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [Reactive Oxygen Species,
the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide] but infected ants die
less was obtained in another way (as you have to 'force feed' the ROS, as
healthy ants, when given the choice, ignore that food-source.) For this we
basically put colonies on a diet of either food with medicine or without for a
while. And afterwards either infected them or not. Then for about two weeks we
count every day how many ants died. This gives us the data to do a so-called
survival analysis. We measured the ROS-concentration in the bodies of ants after
they ingested the food with the medicine using a spectrophotometer. By adding
certain chemicals, the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a
certain wave-length. The detrimental effect of ROS on spores was easy to
measure. We mixed different concentrations of ROS with the spores, plated them
out on petridishes with an agar-solution where fungus can grow on. A day after,
we counted how many spores were still alive. How reliable do you consider your
results to be? The results we got are very reliable. We had a lot of colonies
containing a lot of ants, and wherever possible we conducted the experiment
blind. This means the experimenter doesn't know which ants belong to which
treatment, so it's impossible to influence the results with 'observer bias'.
However, of course this is proof in just one species. It is hard to extrapolate
to other ants, as different species lead very different lives. 

Wikinews interviews President of the International Brotherhood of Magicians
Wednesday, October 9, 2013 October is National Magic Month in the United States.
Wikinews spoke with William Evans, president of the International Brotherhood of
Magicians, about the current state of magic and what its future looks like in
the world of entertainment. For how long have you been involved in performing /
studying magic? Over 50 years. I am 61 now so I really started when I was about
10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few
years earlier. I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red
box with the dragons on it and I didn't even know what it did. The magician
behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me, but instead sold me two
books which I still own today - "Scarne on Card Tricks" and "Scarne on Magic
Tricks". That started me out on books and I have amassed quite a few since then.
My major influences on performance are Eugene Burger and Michael Skinner.
October is National Magic Month in the US. Do you think magic is alive as a
viable form of entertainment today? Absolutely. There are more magicians working
today than ever before. There will always be an audience for good magicians
doing good magic. Has the internet helped or hurt magic? Both. I think it has
helped draw younger people to magic as a hobby, but I think it has hurt the
ability of young magicians to think because so many rely on the internet for
everything and they aren't reading the books. We have to have knowledge of the
history of magic and what has been done before. Moreover, seeing someone perform
on the internet takes away the use of our senses, originality and imagination
that reading and thinking about magic can produce. Anyone can become a monkey;
it takes serious study to become a magician. Do you travel much in your current
role? Yes, I am traveling quite a bit. After I was inducted as International
President in Phoenix in July, I have been to the Jeff McBride Experience in
Eureka Springs, Arkansas, Magic Live in Las Vegas, The Midwest Magic Jubilee in
St. Louis, the TAOM in Dallas, the British Ring Convention in Buxton, England
and the Magic Circle in London. I am going to Las Vegas and Los Angeles next
month, Italy in November, back to Las Vegas in December, Mexico in January,
Magi-Fest in February, the Winter Carnival of Magic in Tennessee in March,
Eureka Springs Cavalcade of Magic in March, and the FFFF in April. That's as of
now. File photo of magician David Gish displaying magic props for a young child.
Image: Paul Budd. 

Interview with US political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky Saturday,
April 4, 2009 Political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky Noam Chomsky is a
professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Linguistics and
Philosophy. At the age of 40 he was credited with revolutionizing the field of
modern linguistics. He was one of the first opponents of the Vietnam War, and is
a self-described Libertarian Socialist. At age 80 he continues to write books;
his latest book, Hegemony or Survival, was a bestseller in non-fiction.
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index Professor Chomsky is the
eighth most cited scholar of all time. On March 13, Professor Chomsky sat down
with Michael Dranove for an interview in his MIT office in Cambridge,
Massachusetts. On NATO I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent
NATO actions and the protests coming up at the 60th NATO conference, I know you
’re speaking at the counter-conference. Could be I give so many talks I can’t
remember. On the NATO conference, well I mean the obvious question is why should
NATO exist? In fact you can ask questions about why it should ever have existed,
but now why should it exist. I mean the theory was, whether you believe it or
not, that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression,
that’s the basic doctrine. Well there’s no defense against Soviet aggression, so
whether you believe that doctrine or not that’s gone. When the Soviet Union
collapsed there had been an agreement, a recent agreement, between Gorbachev and
the U.S government and the first Bush administration. The agreement was that
Gorbachev agreed to a quite remarkable concession: he agreed to let a united
Germany join the NATO military alliance. Now it is remarkable in the light of
history, the history of the past century, Germany alone had virtually destroyed
Russia, twice, and Germany backed by a hostile military alliance, centered in
the most phenomenal military power in history, that’s a real threat.
Nevertheless he agreed, but there was a quid pro quo, namely that NATO should
not expand to the east, so Russia would at least have a kind of security zone.
And George Bush and James Baker, secretary of state, agreed that NATO would not
expand one inch to the east. Gorbachev also proposed a nuclear free weapons zone
in the region, but the U.S wouldn’t consider that. Okay, so that was the basis
on which then shortly after the Soviet Union collapsed. Well, Clinton came into
office what did he do? Well one of the first things he did was to back down on
the promise of not expanding NATO to the east. Well that’s a significant threat
to the Soviet Union, to Russia now that there was no longer any Soviet Union, it
was a significant threat to Russia and not surprisingly they responded by
beefing up their offensive capacity, not much but some. So they rescinded their
pledge not to use nuclear weapons on first strike, NATO had never rescinded it,
but they had and started some remilitarization. With Bush, the aggressive
militarism of the Bush administration, as predicted, induced Russia to extend
further its offensive military capacity; it’s still going on right now. When
Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe, Poland and
Czechoslovakia, it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union. I mean that was
discussed in U.S arms control journals, that they would have to regard as a
potential threat to their strategic deterrent, meaning as a first strike weapon.
And the claim was that it had to do with Iranian missiles, but forget about
that. Take say on Obama, Obama’s national security advisor James Jones former
Marine commandant is on record of favoring expansion of NATO to the south and
the east, further expansion of NATO, and also making it an intervention force.
And the head of NATO, Hoop Scheffer, he has explained that NATO must take on
responsibility for ensuring the security of pipelines and sea lanes, that is
NATO must be a guarantor of energy supplies for the West. Well that’s kind of an
unending war, so do we want NATO to exist, do we want there to be a Western
military alliance that carries out these activities, with no pretense of
defense? Well I think that’s a pretty good question; I don’t see why it should,
I mean there happens to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if
there happened to be one I’d be opposed to that too. So I think the first
question is, what is this all about, why should we even be debating NATO, is
there any reason why it should exist? Labor actions as a revival of the Left
We’ve seen mass strikes all around the world, in countries that we wouldn’t
expect it. Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West? Or do you
think it’s nothing? It’s really hard to tell. I mean there’s certainly signs of
it, and in the United States too, in fact we had a sit down strike in the United
States not long ago, which is a very militant labor action. Sit down strikes
which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to
management and ownership, because the sit down strike is one step before workers
taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management, and
probably doing a better job. So that’s a frightening idea, and police were
called in and so on. Well we just had one in the United States at the Republic
Windows and Doors Factory, it’s hard to know, I mean these things are just hard
to predict, they may take off, and they may take on a broader scope, they may
fizzle away or be diverted. 

Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail Thursday, March 15,
2012 Wikinews interviewed one of the owners of a New York City bar about a
popular new politically-themed cocktail drink called Santorum. The beverage was
inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage's
column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator
Rick Santorum about homosexuality; Savage's readers voted to define santorum as;
"the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of
anal sex." Background The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of
parody, including this political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal
webcomic artist Zach Weiner. 2012. Image; Zach Weiner. The Pacific Standard bar
is located in Brooklyn, New York, and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and
John-Christian G. Rauschenberg. Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum
cocktail, "When he was winning in the polls, I thought, 'OK, I'll do a
Santorum'." Regarding how long the beverage will be made available, Stan
remarked to The Brooklyn Paper, "We'll keep it around until he’s irrelevant. I
hope he’s there the whole way". The main ingredients of the Santorum drink
include vodka of an orange citrus variety, Baileys Irish Cream, and Angostura
bitters. It is served in a cocktail glass and topped with Godiva chocolate
flakes. The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00, and upon an order for it, the
bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum
neologism. Troy Patterson of Slate Magazine ventured over to Pacific Standard to
sample the new santorum cocktail at the bar. After tasting the beverage,
Patterson observed, "My Santorum was sweet but balanced, with a subtle citrus
pucker". [The santorum neologism is] offensive beyond, you know, anything that
any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate, and the mainstream
media laughs about it. — Rick Santorum In a 2003 interview with the Associated
Press, Rick Santorum compared legalizing same-sex marriage in the United States
to supporting bestiality. Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a
new definition for the Senator’s last name, and Savage created a website
SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon. The term
became a prominent result in searches online, and gained dominance on Web search
engines including Google, Bing, and Yahoo!. Rick Santorum himself has
acknowledged and discussed the existence and prevalence of the santorum
neologism phenomenon; he was quoted by The Canadian Press on his assessment of
Google's response; "To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed
through their website or through their system is something that they say they
can't handle. I suspect that's not true." Santorum criticized the response of
the press to the phenomenon in a 2011 radio interview, saying, "It's offensive
beyond, you know, anything that any public figure or anybody in America should
tolerate, and the mainstream media laughs about it. "Interview Pacific Standard
owner, Jonathan M. Stan, displays the Santorum cocktail drink as a finished
product at the bar. (2012). Image; Pacific Standard, provided by the owners.
Interview What inspired you to create a cocktail after the santorum neologism?
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season, and we
thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked
the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of "santorum. "How did you first hear
about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from
the Savage Love advice column? We don't really remember. It's been around
forever. Probably read about it somewhere. What are your thoughts about Rick
Santorum’s views on gay rights? It's not for us to take a stand on any political
issues. We'll leave that to the professionals. Do you think it was an
appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the
santorum neologism created in his advice column? We thought it was funny.
Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we leave to the pros to
decide. When was the Santorum cocktail first created? A few months ago. What
ingredients go in the Santorum cocktail? Bailey's, orange vodka, bitters, and
chocolate flakes. How is the Santorum drink made? The ingredients are shaken
and/or poured into a cocktail glass. See the pictures. Your Santorum cocktail
creation has already received media coverage from publications including; The
Brooklyn Paper, The New York Times, Jezebel, Metro.us, EDGE on the Net, and
Instinct Magazine. Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail
would receive this news coverage? Not at all. We were just trying to come up
with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and
enjoy. What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum
cocktail? You'd probably be having the cocktail at dessert time, so something
sweet; ice cream or pie. Is the drink popular? How many times do you suppose
you’ve served it at your establishment since its creation? The drink was mildly
popular for the last few months, but of course has become a great deal more
popular since getting all this publicity. We have no way to estimate how many
times we've served it overall, but we 're now pouring around ten a night. 

Cold as ice: Wikinews interviews Marymegan Daly on unusual new sea anemone
Tuesday, January 21, 2014 How did you come to be involved with this discovery
Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I
could help with an identification on the anemone. What was your first reaction
upon learning there was an undiscovered ecosystem under the ice in the Ross Sea?
I was amazed and really excited. I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate,
because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something. The
technology that Frank and his colleagues are using to explore the ice is so
important because, given our lack of data, we have no reasonable expectation of
what it should be like, or what it shouldn't be like. There's a return trip
planned hopefully for 2015, with both biologists and ANDRILL geologists. Are you
intending to go there yourself? I would love to. But I am also happy to not go,
as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf! What I want to do with
the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways, but it doesn't
require me to be there. Although I am sure that being there would enhance my
understanding of the animals and the system in which they live, and would help
me formulate more and better questions about the anemones, ship time is
expensive, especially in Antarctica, and if there are biologists whose
contribution is predicated on being there, they should have priority to be
there. These animals are shrouded in mystery. Some of the most intriguing
questions are chemical; do they produce some kind of antifreeze, and is that
orange glow in the ROV lights their own? Talk us through the difficulties
encountered when trying to find answers with the specimens on hand. The samples
we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin (a
kind of formaldehyde solution). The formalin is great for preserving structures,
but for anemones, it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body. This
means we can't look at the issue you raise with these animals. What we could do,
however, was to study anatomy and figure out what it is, so that when we have
samples preserved for studying e.g., the genome, transcriptome, or metabolome,
or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in the animals themselves, we
can make precise comparisons, and figure out what these animals have or do
(metabolically or chemically) that lets them live where they live. Just knowing
a whole lot about a single species isn't very useful, even if that animal is as
special as these clearly are - we need to know what about them is different and
thus related to living in this strange way. The only way to get at what's
different is to make comparisons with close relatives. We can start that side of
the work now, anticipating having more beasts in the future. In terms of their
glow, I suspect that it's not theirs - although luminescence is common in
anemone relatives, they don't usually make light themselves. They do make a host
of florescent proteins, and these may interact with the light of the ROV to give
that gorgeous glow. What analysis did you perform on the specimens and what
equipment was used? I used a dissecting scope to look at the animal's external
anatomy and overall body organization (magnification of 60 X). I embedded a few
of the animals in wax and then cut them into very thin slices using a microtome,
mounted the slices on microscope slides, stained the slices to enhance contrast,
and then looked at those slides under a compound microscope (that's how I got
the pictures of the muscles etc in the paper). I used that same compound scope
to look at squashed bits of tissue to see the stinging capsules (= nematocysts).
I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on
other species in this group. This step seems trivial, but it is really the most
important part! By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and
predecessors had found, I figured out what group it belongs to, and was able to
determine that within that group, it was a new species. It was three years
between recovery of specimens and final publication, why did it take so long?
You mean, how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly, right? :) It was
about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out.
Some of that time was just lost time - I had other projects in the queue that I
needed to finish. Once we figured out what it was, we played a lot of manuscript
email tag, which can be challenging and time consuming given the differing
schedules that folks keep in terms of travel, field work, etc. Manuscript review
and processing took about four months. What sort of difficulties were posed by
the unorthodox preservatives used, and what additional work might be possible on
a specimen with intact DNA? The preservation was not unorthodox - they followed
best practices for anatomical preservation. Having DNA-suitable material will
let us see whether there are new genes, or genes turned on in different ways and
at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and
then survive in the cold. I am curious about the population structure of the
"fields" of anemones - the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs
includes many species that reproduce asexually, and it's possible that the
fields are "clones" produced asexually rather than the result of sexual
reproduction. DNA is the only way to test this. This map shows the location of
the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic, and the two known localities for E.
andrillae relative to McMurdo Station image: Daily et al. Daly explained how she
obtained these images of the anemone's anatomy. Image: Daily et al. 

BDSM as business: An interview with the owners of a dungeon Sunday, October 21,
2007 Operating the business The costs Clothing supply closet. There's a
misconception in this industry. Your exposure to this is probably primarily what
you see in movies, scanning magazines, scanning the Internet, just snippets
everywhere. It's portrayed as though it's dark, black and evil. And -- Oh man,
well? What's up? I do wear a lot of black. It's anything but that. If you look
at the rooms, there's all the accouterments you'd find in these types of places
-- but more than anything, there's a lot of good feeling around here. We hire
the opposite of what you'd think we would hire, what the average person would
think we would hire. We hire educated, nice people. I remember one of our ads
that I had put in said, "If you think nice girls don't do S&M," -- I forgot what
the rest of it said -- "-- think again." Yeah, "think again" or something like
that. And that ad had pulled so many girls, because they -- I think they all
thought that nice girls don't do this. And a bunch of them had called and they
said, "Wow." And I think I remember, a bunch of guys called because of that
also. Do you remember? I sure do, I sure do. What are the startup costs
involved? It varies; look around Manhattan, look around rents, look around
build-outs, look around hiring, look around advertising ... What's your greatest
non-fixed cost? The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and
advertising, those two together make up the bulk of what we spend. There's
supplies, and there's wear and tear and maintenance, and bookkeeping and things
like that that you have to do. That's about it. The hardest thing in running
this business, which is why people can't do it, is the relationship that my wife
has with the gals and with the customers. Where do you advertise? A lot on the
web, we've used most of the local city papers, New York Press, things like that,
L Magazine. In the back of the paper? Typically in the back of the paper.
Magazines constantly change their policy on it; they want it, they don't want it
... Depending on the election year -- Who's buying the paper, who's selling the
paper. So it changes, so one year we got to be in the Press, but they have now
stopped adult ads. Completely. So now we'll be in the Voice for a while. We 're
moving more towards the Internet at this point, because the Internet is a much
easier, safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught
with it. Hiring employees Personality test questions given to prospective
mistresses. Pursuant to your business question: we only hire nice people. I
don't care if a girl is absolutely exquisite looking -- My husband has met
beautiful, beautiful girls -- -- beautiful girls -- -- and he's in the end, he
would say, "Well, I won't hire them." I'm like, ‘Are you insane? I won't hire
them. I hire -- Why not? Because I want someone who's going to treat people
nicely and well. We have -- How can you tell whether they will or will not? Just
by talking to them? Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a
leg up on it. And he's been right. And I have made him hire these girls, and
ultimately he's been right They've been complete pain in the asses! I also have
a profile they fill out for me, a mini-MMPI that I developed, so that I have an
idea -- Rebecca and I put it together I don't know if you'd like to see one. No,
no, no. Just -- I could show you. So I have a mini-MMPI that I -- Could I have a
sample, not necessarily one that's filled out, but just one that you -- I'll
show you. The questions are -- Be careful. He'll make you fill one out. You'd be
scared. You wouldn't hire me. Is it only girls you hire? Yeah. What would a
question like "the greatest woman in the world" reveal to you? No question would
reveal anything independently of all the questions together -- Sure. -- but I
have a chart that I'll go through; the MMPI. The baseline data that I use to --
How did you originate these questions? Where did I make them? You get a baseline
from asking girls and refining profiles -- And it's an amalgamation of
questions. Of many, many questions -- What's your favorite question? I don't
know, the O.J. Simpson …. Yeah, I see O.J. Simpson. What would that be an
indicator of? I'm not sure which one you gave him, but there's a brief, brief,
brief IQ test there. Very brief. Do you ask for references? No, because I really
can't call and tell them I'm yeah, so-and-so's applying here for a position. 

Jack Herrick, wikiHow founder interviewed by Wikinews Saturday, January 31, 2009
Herrick at RecentChangesCamp 2008 Image: ShakataGaNai. wikiHow is a wiki-based
site which aims to "build the world's largest, highest quality how-to manual.
"It recently published its 50,000th article, and to discuss what the site has
achieved since its creation, Wikinews interviewed the site's founder, Jack
Herrick. In the interview, Herrick explains what wikiHow is, why he decided to
create it, how he grew it in size, and why he chose to use a Creative Commons
license (HyperLink) for his site. Read below for more of the interview in full.
Interview For our readers who are unaware of your site, could you briefly
explain what wikiHow is? Sure. wikiHow is a collaborative effort to build the
world's largest, highest quality how-to manual. Our long term goal is to produce
practical instructions on almost every topic in every language. We 're quite far
from our goals currently, but we take comfort in the fact that every month
wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger We currently have just under 50000
articles and over 1000 featured articles. We hope that in time, we will have
millions of articles with many of them having featured status. That said, we are
realistic enough to realize that this goal will take decades to achieve.
However, in terms of readership, we are probably the most popular single subject
wiki after Wikipedia. We get over 14 million unique visitors per month (source:
Google Analytics), which makes us the 135th most popular site according to
Quantcast. [Note: The interview took place just before the 50000 milestone was
met] Like Wikipedia, wikiHow is a wiki that runs on Mediawiki software. Our
community is full of volunteers from all over the world. That said, we are quite
different from Wikipedia in several respects: We are much smaller. The English
wikiHow has only 60 admins, compared to the 1000 + on English Wikipedia. As a
result, wikiHow is still at the size that every editor eventually gets to know
other editors. We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company
focused on achieving a social good. This has several advantages and
disadvantages when compared to the non-profit structure at the Wikimedia
Foundation. We show opt-out advertising to anonymous visitors rather than ask
for donations. Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even
allowed us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation
and Creative Commons. (http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Contributions-to-Charity).
In addition, we've used our revenue on things like buying carbon offsets to
become carbon neutral. (http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Carbon-Neutral) Our
community culture is focused on wikiLove and civility. As a result some folks
believe wikiHow is a more humane and enjoyable place to work than other places
online. Why did you decide to create wikiHow? I think that providing people with
a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a
person. Imagine having detailed step-by-step instructions on how to do any
activity you could imagine. How much more could you accomplish as an individual
if you could learn any activity? I think that building a universal how-to manual
would be a tremendous gift for the world. Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the
potential to make all of us a bit more powerful. I've been interested in
building a comprehensive how-to manual long before I first envisioned wikiHow.
My first attempt at building this resource was a website I used to run called
eHow. eHow was and continues to be the largest and how to website in the world.
eHow contains copyrighted content run on proprietary software. When I ran eHow,
the content was professionally produced and edited. This business model worked
for producing content on topics that appeal to advertisers in languages like
English that have large advertising markets. However, paying people to write and
edit articles ultimately means that you have to make one of two sacrifices. You
either 1) sacrifice on breadth and don't produce the topics that won't interest
advertisers, or 2) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that doesn't
cost much to write. I wasn't interested in making either of these sacrifices, as
I think the world's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive. So
ultimately I decided that eHow's model would not build the resource I
envisioned. When I discovered Wikipedia, I recognized that the wiki model had
the potential to build the how-to resource the world really needs. So I decided
to sell eHow and use the proceeds to build wikiHow. Why did you decide to use a
Creative Commons license? We use a Creative Commons license to give our
community the right to fork (http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Right-to-Fork). In
my opinion, people should be hesitant to contribute to websites where you only
have the "right to leave." If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the
wrong direction, they can take all the content and all the software and move the
project elsewhere. This is possible because we release all of our software under
the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons
license. This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow, the company, will always
serve the goal of the mission and our volunteer community. I believe that
offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far. My
hope is that over time, internet users will demand this of any site where they
invest their time in a way that creates value for others. That said, when we
started out I didn't know the difference between the GNU Free Document License
and my California Driver's license. As a result, we made some mistakes along the
path. In retrospect, I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA
license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC. At a minimum this would provide a helpful
compatibility with other wikis and free culture projects. wikiHow now has
millions of visitors per month. How did you grow the site to the size it is
today? In December 2008, wikiHow had over 14 million unique visitors according
to Google Analytics (Full data: http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Statistics).
Quantcast ranks wikiHow as the 135th most popular site in the US.
(http://www.quantcast.com/wikihow.com). wikiHow achieved this popularity for a
few reasons. First, people around the world are desperate for high quality
how-to information. People want to learn more practical skills, and for the most
part the internet doesn't provide enough quality information yet. Second, we
attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing: We had
some articles of mixed quality, and editors joined to improve those articles,
which in turn attracted more readers. We continue to depend on this same
virtuous cycle: More readers, means more editors, which creates better
instructions, leading again to more readers. It is the same virtuous circle that
Wikipedia has enjoyed. 

Wikinews interviews academic Simon Ličen about attitudes towards US Paralympics
Saturday, November 16, 2013 A Russian stamp for Paralympic Games in Sochi in
2014 On Thursday, with 110 days until the start of the 2014 Winter Paralympics
in Sochi, Russia, Wikinews interviewed Assistant Professor in Educational
Leadership, Sport Studies and Educational / Counseling Psychology at Washington
State University Simon Ličen about attitudes in United States towards the
Paralympics. Ličen has recently joined the Sport Management Program at
Washington State University to develop its sport media and communication
research and teaching contents. Originally from Slovenia, he served as the
Director of Media and Communications of a WTA Tour event and was a member of the
UNESCO Slovenian National Commission. He was also the Team Manager of the
Slovenian wheelchair basketball national team. Why do you think the Paralympic
movement has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like
Australia, the United Kingdom and even Canada? Sports in the United States
largely reaffirm existing relations of power in society. It emphasizes
consumerism, the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to
their abilities, dedication and qualifications, and reinforces, rather than
changes, existing ideas related to gender, ethnicity and nationality. Paralympic
sport brings attention to athletes who are typically overlooked in American
society because the majority of the population does not want to identify with
people who are disabled. Although disability is not contagious, interest in
disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following
it. Disabled athletes also challenge existing relations of power by displaying
dedication, hard work and perseverance in different contexts than those most
sports fans are accustomed to. Other countries, including the ones you mention,
have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society. Even though
legislative support may be less strong than the one provided by the Americans
with Disabilities Act, many social institutions including the media are more
receptive to this form of diversity. What do you think the impact will be for
the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the
United States for first time? The impact depends on a number of aspects. One of
them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United
States will use to air the Paralympic Games on. Will they be shown nationally or
regionally, on NBC or on any of the company’s multiple cable networks? A second
aspect is the parts or hours of the day the Paralympics will be shown. Remember
that there is a nine-hour difference between Sochi and New York, and a 12-hour
difference between Sochi and the US West Coast. So daytime events will be shown
live in the United States in the middle of the night, and evening prime-time
events will be shown — indeed live — in the morning U.S. time. So showing the
Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous
than it appears. A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated:
will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having
worked the Winter Olympics? Will they treat and announce the competitions as
they do all others — for better and worse? Will they take it as an opportunity
to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic
performances without engaging in a discourse of pity? All in all, I think this
is a terrific opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects;
but we will have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the
broadcasters will meet these expectations. 

Friday, January 3, 2014 Preston, Victoria, Australia On Saturday, Wikinews
interviewed Tina McKenzie, a former member of the Australia women's national
wheelchair basketball team, known as the Gliders. McKenzie, a silver and bronze
Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball, retired from the game after the
2012 Summer Paralympics in London. Wikinews caught up with her in a cafe in the
leafy Melbourne suburb of Preston. [The Spitfire Tournament in Canada] was a
really good tournament actually. It was a tournament that I wish we'd actually
gone back to more often. Who plays in that one? It's quite a large Canadian
tournament, and so we went as the Gliders team. So we were trying to get as many
international games as possible. Cause that's one of our problems really, to
compete. It costs us so much money to for us to travel overseas and to compete
internationally. And so we can compete against each other all the time within
Australia but we really need to be able to ... It's not the same. No, it's
really not, so it's really important to be able to get as a many international
trips throughout the year to continue our improvement. Also see where all the
other teams are at as well. But yes, Spitfire was good. We took quite a few new
girls over there back then in 2005, leading into the World Cup in the
Netherlands. Was that the one where you were the captain of the team, in 2005?
Or was that a later one? No, I captained in 2010. So 2009, 2010 World Cup. And
then I had a bit of some time off in 2011. The Gliders have never won the World
Championship. We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the
World Cup. I don't know why. It's really strange occurrence, over the years.
2002 World Cup, we won bronze. Then in 2006 we ended up fourth. It was one of
the worst World Cups we've played actually. And then in 2010 we just ... I don't
know what happened. We just didn't play as well as we thought we would. Came
fourth. But you know what? Fired us up for the actual Paralympics. So the World
Cup is ... it's good to be able to do well at the World Cup, to be placed, but
it also means that you get a really good opportunity to know where you 're at in
that two year gap between the Paralympics. So you can come back home and revisit
what you need to do and, you know, where the team's at. And all that sort of
stuff. Unfortunately, they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year
before the Paralympics. Oh really. The competition from the [FIFA] World Cup and
all. Right. Well, that would be sad. Tina McKenzie. Image: Australian Paralympic
Committee. 

Frank Messina: An Interview with the “Mets Poet“ Wednesday, October 3, 2007 You
have received a good deal of attention recently. Even though Im not Michael
Jackson or somebody, when people come up to me and introduce themselves and say,
"Hey Frank, my name is John,' I say, "Hey John, my name is Frank" and they
laugh. It's a funny phenomenon. What goes through your head when that happens? I
understand it. I've gone to readings and concerts. I look at it as human
interaction. Over the years I have performed in 32 countries and 40 states. I've
been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties, and before that since
I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses. The band I
started in 1993, Spoken Motion, received a lot of recognition as a spoken word
band born out of the New York spoken word scene. I worked with some great
musicians and performed around the world. I remember signing my first autograph
to a kid when I was 25 years old. As time went on, I came out with books and
CDs, and I became used to that kind of thing. To me, the ultimate feeling of
success as an artist, is to move somebody enough where they thank you. When
someone comes up and says, 'Frank, thank you, your work is great." You have a
long career in poetry, but as of late the attention you have garnered is for the
Mets-inspired work. How do you feel about having a lot of your work overshadowed
by the Mets work? It's ironic. Some of the greatest poetry has been born out of
failure and the depths of adversity in the human experience. Walt Whitman, the
first great American poet, wrote about the Civil War. He went looking for his
brother, George Whitman, after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured
in the South. When he started out his poems were about beating drums, and blow,
bugle, blow. Real patriotic. Then he started to see the real horrors of war. He
was able to tap into the human condition and the situation at that time.
Eventually when he found his brother he had resolution. I experienced that kind
of adversity during 9/11 being a civilian volunteer. I loaded ferry boats in
Jersey City across the river to deliver goods to Ground Zero. I turned to
Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now.
When I wrote my 9/11-related poems, that was true adversity. I realize baseball
is just a game. Can you recite a stanza that expresses how you feel right now?
This was a piece that the Times only quoted one stanza, but it's about
preparation for a battle, and being prepared to either rise to the occasion, or
go down: Do you know what it's like to be chased by the Ghost of Failure while
staring through Victory's door? Of course you do, you 're a Mets fan caught in a
do-or-die moment in late September at Shea As one thats battled hard through
many a broken dream Let me say, "in order to rise to the occasion you must be
willing to go down with the ship", Have no fear, no hesitation, for Winning
shall be it's reward! Don't let them get in your head! you've kept it up this
long You 're a Mets fan in late September and youll fight til the glorious end
Cheer the team today; (your boys in orange and blue) Let them hear you shout as
they fight for what's mightily due (copyright Frank Messina; reprinted with
permission)" Sports fans aren't known as patrons of poetry. Have you had
interaction with "new readers' through your Mets work? This one person who I
never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail. The e-mail said,
'Frank, I have never bothered you during the game, but I just wanted to say
thank you for your work and thank you for making some sense of the successes and
failures and I wish you much success with your work.' Last year in my section at
the stadium I had a banner that read We Know'. That's all it said. Then earlier
this year these shirts started to come out that said, "Poet says We Know". It
was amazing. We didn't use the banner this year, though, because we didn't know.
The team wasn't so far ahead that we knew. Last year we just knew we were going
to the playoffs; we knew we were going post-season. This year we weren't sure.
We were walking on eggshells. There was a woman, a season ticket holder and a
die hard fan. She was staggered by the loss last year to the Cardinals. Last
year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season; she was so
happy we were going to the post season. By that point we had clinched it. She
handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug. With
tears in her eyes she said, "Thank you, Mets Poet, thank you." It's cool ...
it's like another family. Moments like that must make you realize you have
touched people who aren't normally touched by poetry. It's opened up a new fan
base, so to speak. For the last year SNY has broadcast footage of me with my
poems, so quite a few fans known about the "Mets Poet'. I have never called
myself that, by the way. The back of my jersey says "The Poet' because growing
up that was my nickname. My brother was a runner and they used to call him The
Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet. It was a natural thing, but I
never coined myself as 'The Mets Poet.' 

The Onion: An interview with 'America's Finest News Source' Sunday, November 25,
2007 How The Onion writes an issue This exclusive interview features first-hand
journalism by a Wikinews reporter. See the collaboration page for more details.
How do you decide on the stories? We do everything backwards here. We start with
the headline and then flesh out the story, as opposed to The New York Times,
which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy. We
start with a joke. We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on
a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a
contributing core. We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred, come in
Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff; all
fifteen of us. Then we assign a headline to a specific writer to execute. We go
through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the
photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team, who adds the visual
aspect to it. The editors punch it up over the last couple of days and then it
goes out over the Internet and into the print edition. So you don’t have writers
coming up with a story and headline, but you will instead have a team of writers
choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was
not necessarily involved? Writers will occasionally write their own headlines,
but we come up with a list of 15 or 20 headline ideas, what we think will make a
good story and then we assign it based upon what people’s writing strengths are.
We have some people who are great at politics; some people we give all the war
stuff to; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the
entertainment stories. The headlines Editorial Manager Chet Clem and President
Sean Mills. Image: David Shankbone It seems like some publications, like AM New
York, always have a Britney Spears story; is there anything similar with The
Onion where they continually revisit a topic or person? No, not necessarily. We
are a little less reactionary. We tend to target the zeitgeist more than
anything. We’ll hit the mainstream media’s portrayal of the entertainment world
as much as we’ll hit characters in the entertainment world. We’ll attack People
Magazine’s coverage of Britney as much as Britney. In an interview with Terry
Gross, Stephen Colbert said of his time at Second City that they had decided on
not doing political humor and, in particular, hackneyed political humor such as
Ted Kennedy drinking jokes. They felt it was overdone, mean-spirited and not
funny. Do your writers have similar rules of thumb? We don’t have any rules or
known lines we won’t cross. We have an understanding based upon having the same
writers in the back room for years, and those writers training the new writers
as they come in. There is an understanding in the room. If it makes the room
laugh, it probably ends up in the paper. One example is we ran an article a
couple of years back that was, "No Jennifer Lopez News Today". That was our
reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff. We weren’t going to touch on her dress, or
who she was dating. Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many
days, in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine. I think it’s important we
have an original take on those things. I think it’s similar to what Colbert said
to Terry Gross. We don’t want to just traffic in the same 24 hour news cycle.
There’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on all the late night talk
shows. The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit
everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes. We want an original take. If
we choose to do something on J-Lo, it’s going to be something like that,
something less obvious. When you are going through the headlines, is it just you
guys sitting around trying to crack each other up? It’s the least amount of fun
possible. Nah, I’m kidding. It’s actually more businesslike than you’d imagine.
It’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh, but the room has been
a sort of captive audience for many many years now, so it takes a lot to make
the room laugh. The best analogy I’ve heard is when Rob Siegel, former
editor-in-chief, likened it to wine tasting. It’s this quiet experience where
you are trying to soak in what the joke is, have we done anything like this, is
it a unique take, what are other people doing. It’s sort of like," Hmmm ...
that’s hilarious. That’s really really funny" rather than people falling off
their chairs. It’s more subdued than I think what most people would expect. It’s
more analytical and clinical? Not all the time, but it can’t be a laugh a
minute. Yeah, what you see on Studio 60 and 30 Rock, those are scripted writers
rooms. Everything is funny there. There's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told
in a back room, that's why they stay and die in that back room and don’t go out
in The Onion. If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes, do you eventually
fire them? That’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they
get kicked out. It can be a real mess on Broadway. By the time you get to be a
writer for The Onion, though, the odds are you are going to succeed because we
make it pretty challenging. You go through quite a bit. You will already have
demonstrated a pretty long successful record of writing stuff for us before you
will be in that room on a daily basis. But if somebody wakes up one morning and
suddenly no longer is funny, then yeah, head first, out the door as quickly as
possible, and as sadistically as possible. 

Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev Wednesday,
September 19, 2007 Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in
1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret, Tiberias. Currently Shalev is a Professor at Hebrew
University of Jerusalem's Einstein Institute of Mathematics. At the moment
Shalev is in Levico Terme, Trento, Italy for a conference. He was interviewed by
Wikinews. Interview Aner Shalev What are you going to talk about here in Levico?
I called it Character, walks and words. There is a whole topic which is called
asymptotic groups theory. There are groups which express the symmetry of some
structures. Studying groups is a bit like studying symmetry. It's very beautiful
I think. And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you don't look at
the small details. It's like from the sky. You look at the general patterns. And
there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called
representation theory. So I will mainly talk about how to use a representation
theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups
theory. Why did you choose to study mathematics? First of all because it was
beautiful. When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics
and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent. I also like the freedom
in mathematics. If you study physics or chemistry then you should describe the
real world. But in mathematics you can build your own structures. You can walk
in worlds created by the imagination of people. You 're not committed to the
real world. It's almost like God to some extent. You can create worlds, you can
study them. I think it's a combination of the beauty, of the imagination, of the
freedom. Many people, and many students, dislike math. Why do you think it is
so? First of all I think maybe they have bad teachers, which is a problem. You
have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and
to succeed in it. Probably some people mainly think about the scientific part of
it – you have to be accurate - and they see less these elements of the freedom,
and the imagination, and creation. Maybe they don't like the precise nature of
mathematics. Also when I talk mathematics I notice the language is very
important in mathematics and I actually notice that many times people fail in
mathematics because they don't know how to write a composition. They have ideas
but they can notformulate them in the right way. Actually I find many
connections between mathematics and literature because almost all the thing I
told about mathematics are also seen in literature and in writing because when
you write you can describe the real world, but you can also create worlds of
fiction. So you have imagination, you have total freedom, you can invent
characters, you can invent all kind of development and surprises and this kind
of end of story or another. Also the language is important in writing and in
literature. So in a way people often don't know how to combine the two fields.
It could look like almost the opposite: literature is kind of arts and
mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where
mathematician who were writers. For example the most famous is Lewis Carrol,
author of Alice in Wonderland. You 're not only a mathematician. You also wrote
two collections of short stories and a novel. Why did you begin to write? When I
was quite young I was interested in psychoanalysis and in dreams. I was trying
to interpret my dreams. I started to write down my dreams. And then I noticed
that I cheat a little bit when I write them down. Sometimes I make them more
pretty then they were actually. So instead of documenting the dreams it
gradually became also like adding creational elements, and I think that somehow
through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing, also poems, but mainly
stories. I'm a little bit inspired by dreams but when eventually I started to
write more seriously I was more interested in structure which also .. a bit like
mathematics in a way .. for example my first book is called Opus 1 .. a
collection of four long stories with musical structures. The first part is
called Legato and the second part was called Staccato. In the legato part the
sentences are very long and without breaks almost like stream of consciousness.
In the staccato part it's like a music: a lot of break, very very short
sentences. It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the
music and the psychology of people. In the second book I made another
experiment. It's a book of opening, Overtures I called it, and there is no end
to the stories. There are seventy beginning of stories without ends. In the
novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing:
simple narrative and email. It keeps changing between narrative and email.
Another thing was two different time scapes: one goes very slow and one goes
very fast and they almost kind of meet in the end. It's a little bit like
Achilles and the turtle. ... love story and romance and surprises and tragedies
and all this but also this structure interested me a lot. Why did you choose
this particular structure? When I tell stories I don't like that everything will
be clear from the beginning. I like that something will be a bit of secret, or
even unreliable narrator: someone tells something and first you trust him but
then you read more and you become thrilled by everything. I think by using
emails on the one hand which are more the voice of the woman Eva and narrative
which is more the perspective of the man Adam, I kind of confront them, their
different perspective and then kind somehow you can see the distortions in the
way the story is told. I think that in this kind of structure there is a very
gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on. 

Keep your eyes peeled for cosmic debris: Andrew Westphal about Stardust @ home
Sunday, May 28, 2006 Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples
from comet 81P/Wild (also known as "Wild 2) in deep space and landed back on
Earth on January 15, 2006. It was decided that a collaborative online review
process would be used to "discover" the microscopically small samples the
capsule collected. The project is called Stardust @ home. Unlike distributed
computing projects like SETI @ home, Stardust @ home relies entirely on human
intelligence. Andrew Westphal is the director of Stardust @ home. Wikinews
interviewed him for May's Interview of the Month (IOTM) on May 18, 2006. As
always, the interview was conducted on IRC, with multiple people asking
questions. Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is. Can
you explain more about it for us? Artist's rendering of Spacecraft Stardust
Image: NASA Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999. It
is really two missions in one. The primary science goal of the mission was to
collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body, a comet called Wild 2
(pronounced "Vilt-two" — the discoverer was German, I believe). This is the
first US "sample return" mission since Apollo, and the first ever from beyond
the moon. This gives a little context. By "sample return" of course I mean a
mission that brings back extraterrestrial material. I should have said above
that this is the first "solid" sample return mission — Genesis brought back a
sample from the Sun almost two years ago, but Stardust is also bringing back the
first solid samples from the local interstellar medium — basically this is a
sample of the Galaxy. This is absolutely unprecedented, and we 're obviously
incredibly excited. I should mention parenthetically that there is a fantastic
launch video — taken from the POV of the rocket on the JPL Stardust website —
highly recommended — best I've ever seen — all the way from the launch pad, too.
Basically interplanetary trajectory. Absolutely great. Is the video available to
the public? Yes [see below]. OK, I digress. The first challenge that we have
before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is
simply to find them. This is a big challenge because they are very small (order
of micron in size) and are somewhere (we don't know where) on a HUGE collector —
at least on the scale of the particle size — about a tenth of a square meter. So
... We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several
years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust
Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center. This is the ARES group that handles
returned samples (Moon Rocks, Genesis chips, Meteorites, and Interplanetary Dust
Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere). The microscope collects stacks
of digital images of the aerogel collectors in the array. These images are sent
to us — we compress them and convert them into a format appropriate for Stardust
@ home. Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a "Virtual
Microscope" that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers —
no downloads are required. Using the Virtual Microscope volunteers can search
over the collector for the tracks of the interstellar dust particles. Aerogel
slice removed with an ultrasonic blade, showing particle tracks. Image: NASA How
many samples do you anticipate being found during the course of the project?
Great question. The short answer is that we don't know. The long answer is a bit
more complicated. Here's what we know. The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft
carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to
first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming
into the solar system. (This is a kind of "wind" of interstellar dust, caused by
the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar
medium.) Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles
that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the "cruise"
phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this
wind. He estimated that there should be around 45 particles, but this number is
very uncertain — I wouldn't be surprised if it is quite different from that.
That was the long answer! One thing that I should say ... is that like all
research, the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain. There is a
wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — "If we knew what we were doing, it
wouldn't be called "research", would it?" How big would the samples be? We
expect that the particles will be of order a micron in size. (A millionth of a
meter.) When people are searching using the virtual microscope, they will be
looking not for the particles, but for the tracks that the particles make, which
are much larger — several microns in diameter. Just yesterday we switched over
to a new site which has a demo of the VM (virtual microscope) I invite you to
check it out. The tracks in the demo are from submicron carbonyl iron particles
that were shot into aerogel using a particle accelerator modified to accelerate
dust particles to very high speeds, to simulate the interstellar dust impacts
that we 're looking for. And that's on the main Stardust @ home website [see
below]? Yes. 

Over 900 asylum seekers rescued off Indonesian coast Monday, May 18, 2015 On
Friday, fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank, and the
Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along
the coast of Aceh, Indonesia. Major general Fuad Basya, spokesman for the
Indonesian military, said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was
deployed to retrieve them. The rescued members included Bangladeshis and
Rohingya, a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar. Myanmar is mainly
Buddhist and the United Nations rates the Rohingya among the world's most
persecuted groups. According to ABC News, Basya also believes the asylum seekers
found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid
being sent away from Indonesia waters. Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a
policy of turning away boats of migrants which, according to AFP, the Untied
Nations and United States have both criticised. One Rohingya, Muhammad Amin, the
first boat rescued on Friday was turned around twice, toward Malaysia by
Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy. Discussing his
concern in a public statement, Malaysia's Prime Minister, Najib Razak said, "We
are in contact with all relevant parties, with whom we share the desire to find
a solution to this crisis". Thailand has recently cracked down on human
trafficking, which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport
migrants. The US State Department said John Kerry, the Secretary of State,
contacted Thailand's foreign minister over temporary housing for the Rohingya
out at sea. Jeff Rathke, the State Department Spokesperson, said, "We urge the
governments of the region to work together quickly, first and foremost, to save
the lives of migrants now at sea who are in need of an immediate rescue effort".
Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of
people seeking asylum. Estimates suggest 8000 migrants may be currently at sea
in the region. 

Texas student Ahmed Mohamed inspires social movement Tuesday, September 22, 2015
News of police response to a boy's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired
a global social movement in support of the youth. Ahmed Mohamed, a 14-year-old
boy from Irving, Texas, was arrested at his school by police after he brought a
digital clock he had made to school. After news of the police response was
reported, Mohamed received support online ranging from US President Barack Obama
to Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg. Yesterday Mohamed received VIP attention at
Google headquarters in California at the Google Science Fair — and tomorrow he
plans to meet international dignitaries at the United Nations headquarters in
New York. US President Barack Obama tweet to student Ahmed Mohamed Image:
Twitter / Barack Obama. Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on
September 14, and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb. Police
arrested and questioned the student. Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt
and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online. The
Deseret News observed that the hashtag on Twitter, #IStandWithAhmed, had become
an international phenomenon. The Straits Times noted what began as individual
messages to Mohamed had grown into a "support movement". American academic and
professor Marc Lamont Hill commented, "Hoping that the #istandwithahmed movement
translates into a substantive national conversation on race, punishment, and
incarceration." The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed
was invited to their Google Science Fair. Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google
Science Fair this weekend, and was able to meet finalists at the event held at
Google's headquarters located in Mountain View, California. Co-founder of
Google, Sergey Brin, personally met with Mohamed during his visit to Google. On
Wednesday, Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations. His
father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the
U.N. headquarters in New York, because international dignitaries wanted to meet
with his son and express their support. Psychology major at University of Texas
Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the incident and wanted to issue her support to
Mohamed. She chose the hastag #IStandWithAhmed and posted to Twitter. Jafari
said she felt Mohamed had been subject to Islamophobia and her hashtag created
greater awareness about this issue. The hashtag took on a life of its own, and
was used in messages on Twitter over one million times by Thursday night. NASA
tweeted support of Ahmed Mohamed via its account International Space Station
Image: Twitter / NASA. US President Barack Obama tweeted using his @POTUS
account: "Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should
inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great."
Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship.
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was
welcome to come and tour the company. Executive director of the Dallas chapter
of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to
use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social causes including the
treatment of Muslims in the United States. University of Texas Arlington Muslim
Student Association president Sehar Memon said the large amount of positive
feedback for Mohamed had helped make his situation much better. Memon also said
she believed the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim /
non-Muslim. Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police
Department have asserted that the boy's religion and name were not a factor in
the manner in which they approached the situation. 

At least 107 killed in Mecca crane collapse Saturday, September 12, 2015
pilgrims at Mecca's Grand Mosque in 2008. A storm yesterday caused a crane to
fall into Mecca's Grand Mosque, killing 107 or more and wounding 238, according
to Saudi Arabia's Civil Defense Authority. Civil Defense Authority director
General Suleiman al-Amr, in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television, said "All those
who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital. There are no
casualties left at the location." The accident, which occurred yesterday
afternoon, was caused by strong winds and heavy rain that led the crane to fall.
Photos released of the scene showed numerous bloodied bodies and various
scattered debris. The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively
uncrowded. "Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse," Khaled
Al-Maeena, editor at large at the Saudi Gazette, said. "Had it happened five
hours earlier or four hours earlier, I think the death toll would have been more
than a thousand." The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of
the Hajj, the annual pilgrimage to Mecca, Islam's holiest site. As undergoing a
pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically
and financially can, millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the
Hajj. Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and
improve crowd control, which has been a recurring problem during Mecca's
pilgrimages. 

New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative
election Friday, September 9, 2016 The Hong Kong legislative election was held
on Sunday, with a record-breaking turnout of around 2 million voters and turnout
rate of 58%. The results show the anti-establishment camp successfully
maintained a majority in the geographical constituencies' seats thus veto power
to any members' bills, and also a minority larger than a third to veto any bills
featuring major political reforms. Young and new faces emerged in the new
council members, as veteran politicians stepped down in both the
anti-establishment and pro-Beijing campus. Election Results Eddie Chu received
the largest vote in any geographical constituency In the New Territories West
geographical constituency, nonpartisan pan-democrat Eddie Chu was elected with
84,121 votes, the most given to any list in the geographical constituencies.
Other anti-establishment candidates elected in this district were localist
camp's Cheng Chung-tai of Civic Passion, pan-democracy camp's Kwok Ka-ki and
Andrew Wan of respectively Civic Party and the Democratic Party. The pro-Beijing
camp candidates elected were New People Party's Michael Tien, DAB's Ben Chan and
Leung Che-cheung, FTU's Alice Mak and pro-establishment nonpartisan Junius Ho.
Two pan-democratic veteran politicians Lee Cheuk-yan of the Labour Party and
Frederick Fung of ADPL were defeated in this constituency, with Junius Ho
defeating Lee Cheuk-yan by around five thousand votes. Michael Tien of NPP DAB's
Elizabeth Quat In the New Territories East geographical constituency,
pan-democracy camp councillors Alvin Yeung from the Civic Party, Fernando Cheung
of the Labour Party, Raymond Chan of People Power, and Leung Kwok-hung of LSD
were successfully elected. Pan-democrat Lam Cheuk-ting from the Democratic Party
and localist group Youngspiration's Baggio Leung were successfully elected
newcomers. For the Pro-Beijing camp, Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with
58,825 votes, the highest in the constituency. Other pro-Beijing candidates
elected in this constituency were Gary Chan of DAB and Eunice Yung of New
People's Party. Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get
re-elected in this constituency, and resigned from his leadership in his party
due to its election defeat. Alvin Yeung of Civic Party New People Party's Regina
Ip In the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency, pro-Beijing New People
Party's Regina Ip was re-elected with 60,760 votes. Other pro-Beijing elected
were FTU's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB's Horace Cheung. Demosisto's Nathan Law earned
a surprise victory as second place in the constituency with 50,818 votes, and
becomes the youngest Legislative Council member in Hong Kong's history. The
other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic
Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party, both considered to be in the
pan-democracy camp. Pan-democrat veteran Cyd Ho from the Labour Party lost her
seat in this constituency. Nathan Law of Demosisto Ann Chiang of DAB In the
Kowloon West geographical constituency, pro-Beijing councillors Ann Chiang of
DAB and Priscilla Leung of BPA were successfully re-elected, as well as
pan-democratic councillors Claudia Mo of the Civic Party and Wong Pik-wan of the
Democratic Party. The rest of the candidates elected in this constituency were
young and relatively new activists from the localist camp, Lau Siu-lai and
Youngspiration's Yau Wai-ching. Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp
candidate, veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political
Institute, by 424 votes. Claudia Mo of Civic Party Wong Kwok-kin of FTU In the
Kowloon East geographical constituency, pro-Beijing district councillor Wilson
Or was elected with 51,516 votes, the highest in this constituency. Nonpartisan
Paul Tse and Wong Kwok-kin of the FTU were successfully re-elected.
Pan-democracy camp councillor Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party was elected.
Civic Party's Jeremy Tam was elected for the first time. Localist group Civic
Passion's Wong Yeung-tat was defeated in this district, and resigned his
leadership in Civic Passion. Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party Leung Yiu-chung
of NWSC; from file, 2008. In the District Council (Second) functional
constituency, commonly know as "Super District Council" seats, pan-democracy
camp's Kwong Chun-yu of the Democratic Party received 491,667 votes, the highest
in this constituency. Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC
and James To of the Democratic Party. Pro-Beijing DAB's Starry Lee and Holden
Chow were successfully elected in this constituency, while pro-Beijing veteran
politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To. DAB's
Starry Lee; from file, 2015. In traditional functional constituencies, the
pan-democracy camp gained a seat from the pro-Beijing camp. Shiu Ka-chun of the
Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents, hence the pan-democrats'
seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10. Also, an
independent who does not claim to belong to either camp, Edward Yiu of the
Architectural, Surveying, Planning and Landscape constituency, defeated his
opponents and was elected. The turnout of this election was the highest in the
history of Legislative Council elections, with around 2 million voters voted and
a turnout rate of 58%. At a polling station in Taikoo of the Hong Kong Island
constituency, after the polls closed at 22:30, with the long queues outside the
station the last ballot there was cast at 2:30 the next day, four hours after
the last person was allowed to join the queue. The previous general legislative
election in Hong Kong was before the 2014 protests. The election elects 70
members of the Legislative Council. 

New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design Thursday,
May 7, 2015 On Tuesday, the New Zealand government announced the start of a
public process to suggest designs for a new national flag, and determine whether
their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one. The
current flag of New Zealand. The current New Zealand flag is partially based on
the United Kingdom's flag; the new one would be unique to New Zealand. The
government's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and
roadshows as part of this process, with the first meeting set to take place in
Christchurch on May 16. According to the New Zealand Herald, Emeritus Professor
John Burrows, the chairman of the project's panel of twelve, said New Zealand's
flag has never before been open to public choice. Professor Burrows also said
resources and kits would be accessible for schools and communities," For
example, schools can run their own flag discussions and referendums to mirror
the formal process as part of their own learning exercise". People were
encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what
the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz. Names of participants would be
engraved, at their option, on a flag pole monument to be built in the nation's
capital, Wellington. New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key said he believes
redesigning the flag now has a "strong rationale". Mr Key promoted the campaign
for a unique New Zealand flag on Waitangi Day - February 6 - this year. Of the
public process, he said, "In the end I'll have one vote in each referendum just
like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll". The New Zealand
government intends to hold two referendums to reach a verdict on the flag, at an
estimated cost of NZ $ 26 million, although a recent poll found only a quarter
of citizens favoured changing the flag. This is a decrease from the year before,
when it was forty percent. The first referendum is to be held from November 20
to December 11, selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists.
Voters would then choose between the new flag and their current flag early in
2016. 

Hackers attack Church of Scientology website Sunday, January 20, 2008 Wikinews
has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago,
the Church of Scientology's website is being attacked by hackers, causing the
site to shut down. The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled
"Anonymous", on the website "Insurgency Wiki", a spinoff of 4chan. The "History"
section of the site explains, in a satirical fashion, that the incident was
prompted by the Church of Scientology's attempts to remove a promotional video
featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube. Though YouTube is complying
with the Church of Scientology's requests to take down the video, other sites
such as Gawker.com have stated that they will keep hosting the video. "So far,
it's the Internet: 1, Scientology: 0. But it's a long game." - Matthew Ingram
Writing in a blog post, Matthew Ingram of The Globe and Mail dubbed the ongoing
conflict involving the Church of Scientology's attempts to remove the Cruise
video from the Internet: "Scientology vs. the Internet, part XVII". He
characterized the conflict between the Church of Scientology and anonymous
posters of the Cruise video as "another small skirmish in a war that Scientology
has been waging for almost 15 years, since the early days of newsgroups such as
alt.religion.scientology, which posted internal church documents in 1994.
Lawsuits have been filed, mailing lists have been shut down, homes of discussion
group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out
war." "Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video, a new obsession is taking hold
on the internet. An insurgency against The Church of Scientology." Anonymous
blogger, "Anon declares war on Church of Scientology" One poster admitted to
being a part of the effort, writing in a blog post "I have myself, as per
instructions, loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology
homepage. There s [sic] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that
produces these 'events' every now and again." The poster wrote that "Prompted I
think by the Tom Cruise video, a new obsession is taking hold on the internet.
An insurgency against The Church of Scientology." "Someone emailed me earlier
today talking about a tool a group’s been using to attack the scientology
website. It’s an interesting tool, created to overload/create malformed strings
and crash a website’s database," said the post by an unknown author on pigmy.
The Church's website is currently unreachable. Some individuals reported that
when they are able to reach the site, all they get is a message stating, "The
word scientology means search for truth ...". As of 15:11 GMT the site was
accessible again, but only loads at relatively slow speeds, and by the end of
the day Saturday the site was not loading at all. Posts on the message board for
the Scientology-critic site Operation Clambake from Friday theorized that a
denial-of-service attack had occurred, and wrote that as of Friday the
Scientology.org site was either not loading at all, or loading very slowly.
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were
critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website, with one poster
writing "How can people look at both sides if one side is gone?" Traffic to the
Scientology website had already increased 18-fold prior to the attack, following
increased attention after the Tom Cruise video appeared on the Internet. At that
time, one in three visits to the site came from BBC News, and the website
increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK's Lifestyle-Religion category. 

Microsoft waits for death of Internet Explorer 6 Tuesday, March 8, 2011 With
development of Microsoft's Internet Explorer 9 (IE9) browser almost complete,
Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move away from
the antiquated 10-year-old browser. Microsoft has replaced it with three newer
versions. On a new website, "The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown", Microsoft has
launched an aggressive campaign to persuade users to stop using IE6 and update
to a newer IE. Its goal is to decrease IE6 users to less than one percent.
"[Ten] years ago, a browser was born. Its name was Internet Explorer 6. Now that
we ’re in 2011, in an era of modern web standards, it’s time to say goodbye,"
Microsoft says on "The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown". Internet Explorer's
market share is slipping. IE's various versions accounted for 70 percent of the
market in 2009; this has dropped to approximately 56 percent today. Mozilla
Firefox, its main rival, has been actively increasing its market share while the
recently released Google Chrome is also quickly gaining users. PC World's recent
analysis of its own web traffic statistics concluded, "Usually, Internet
Explorer is the # 2 browser after Firefox, but over the past 30 days its been #
3, a couple of points behind Safari - and nearly tied with Chrome. It might be a
statistical blip. But if it isn't, and Chrome continues to surge, IE could fall
to fourth place. "Web developers face big problems with IE6. As they design
their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared
to the newest web core markup language HTML 5, they are forced to accommodate
older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users. Also, not mentioned on
Microsoft's "The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown" site, are the numerous security
vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked. The Internet
security firm Secunia.com, has said that as of March 4, 2011, IE6 has 277
vulnerabilities; 39 percent of these are rated "highly critical". Microsoft says
that the latest versions of Internet Explorer provide the user with enhanced
protection from these attacks and threats. Microsoft's Internet Explorer 6 is
one of the most successful software products ever as measured by its durability
and the massive numbers of people who have used it. IE6 shipped with Windows XP,
nearly a decade ago. But it has outlived its usefulness, and Microsoft no longer
wants to support it. 

Australian woman claims Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years
Thursday, May 7, 2015 Valeska Paris, an Australian woman and former
Scientologist, has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for
twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship, Freewinds. The Church
of Scientology's cruise ship Freewinds in Bonaire. Paris was born in Switzerland
but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could
be closer to the church's headquarters. She joined the Sea Org aged 14. In 1995,
at age seventeen, she was told to disconnect from her mother. Paris claims she
was first sent to the ship aged eighteen for two weeks as a teenager but ended
up spending twelve years there. Paris also claims that her passport was taken
away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room. I was basically
hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to
disconnect from her because she was suppressive. Valeska Paris I was basically
hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to
disconnect from her because she was suppressive. Her mother had spoken out
against Scientology on French television after her ex-husband and Paris's
father, Albert Jaquier, committed suicide after he lost his fortune to
Scientology. Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater,
Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds. On board
the Freewinds, Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due
to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie. She also claims that in 1997
and 1998, she was tasked with removal of asbestos from the ship. In 2007, Paris
left the ship after a confrontation with the ship's management. She was
eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney, which the Church
describes as a religious retreat, but critics charge is a forced work camp.
Here, she met her future husband and subsequently left the church. In a
statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, the Church denied these
allegations: She certainly wasn't 'forced' to be there. She was also never
forced to perform labour in the engine room. They also claimed Paris was a
volunteer and claim she has a vested interest for misrepresenting her
experiences with the Church. The Church also claims that Paris not having her
passport was maritime procedure. 

North Korea puts military in 'quasi-state of war' Friday, August 21, 2015
According to Yonhap news agency, quoting North Korea's main news agency Korean
Central News Agency (KCNA), the country's military has been placed on high alert
and has been told to prepare a "quasi-state of war". The report comes after
North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire yesterday. "War maniacs of the
South Korean puppet military made another grave provocation to the DPRK in the
central western sector of the front on Thursday afternoon. They perpetrated such
reckless action as firing 36 shells at KPA civil police posts under the absurd
pretext that the KPA fired one shell at the south side. Six shells of them hit
the area near KPA civil police posts 542 and 543 and other 15 shells fell near
KPA civil police posts 250 and 251", said KCNA. "Foolhardy provocation deserves
harsh punishment", it added; and, later, "Kim Jong-un issued an order of the
supreme commander of the Korean People's Army [KPA] that the front-line large
combined units of the KPA should enter a wartime state to be fully battle ready
to launch surprise operations". Yesterday, North Korea fired artillery rounds
aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda
into the North. "Commanders of the Korean People's Army were hastily dispatched
to the front-line troops to command military operations to destroy psychological
warfare tools if the enemy does not stop the propaganda broadcast within 48
hours and prepare against the enemy's possible counteractions", added KCNA. No
injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side, but South
Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one
shell landed near the area. The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of
artillery into the north. South Korea had recently started to broadcast
propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull. The broadcasts began on
August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue. After the exchange
of fire, North Korea stated it would attack any loudspeakers broadcasting
propaganda and would respond, militarily, within 48 hours if the broadcasts do
not stop. Both countries have put their militaries on high levels of alert. 

Lantern Festival in Taipei lights up the night Monday, March 5, 2007 Taipei,
Taiwan — The Taipei City Lantern Festival was off to a bright start on Saturday
Night as hundreds of thousands of people crowded onto the Chiang Kai Shek
Memorial near downtown Taipei to witness city mayor Hau Lung-bin and other
dignitaries ceremoniously flip the switch to light hundreds of colorful lantern
scenes in and around the 240,000 square meter memorial park. The centerpiece of
this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with
a fog machine, laser light show and theme music. The theme of this years lantern
festival revolves around the 12 year Chinese zodiac cycles year of the pig. Its
round shape symbolizes wealth and good fortune and is believed to bring good
luck. Started in 1990, the Taipei lantern festival continues a 2000 year old
tradition of light related festivals marking the end of the Chinese New Year
celebrations. This particular event grows in popularity every year. Last Year
over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city expects about
6 million visitors according to the event website. Colorful lantern scenes not
only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the
memorial. Each section has a theme. One side of the memorial is scenes made by
student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan. There is even
a section of lanterns sponsored by foreign countries. The Malaysia Tourism board
was quite prominent at the main entrance to the grounds. As with all new year
celebrations in Taiwan, the lantern festival is crowded. People flock to see the
lantern scenes and enjoy the festival atmosphere as they carry lanterns, given
away by the city and bought from street vendors at the event. The many light
toys such a swords, devil ears, and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a
unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter
memorial hall on the grounds. Local public transportation hubs are often swamped
by the event. The station staff at Chiang Kai Shek Memorial Hall Station do an
excellent job of crowd control but lines for the subway can still be hours long
and very exhausting. A sudden rain storm on Sunday night (March 4) caused a mass
exodus of people to head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the
street. The commuting crowds can be avoided however by walking from NTU Hospital
Station or Shandao Station. Both of these stops are only about a 20 minute walk
from the event and have no crowds at all. If you really want to avoid the
crowds, definitely avoid the weekends. Wait until the fourth or fifth day of the
festival when the crowds will have dwindled. I visited the festival on Saturday
night, the opening night, and there was a sea of people in the square. I went
back the next Tuesday night and there was almost no one there, just a few stray
photographers taking advantage of the unimpeded views of the lanterns. The
festival runs through March 11 this year. 

Hundreds dead in Hajj stampede Thursday, January 12, 2006 The Plains of Arafat
on the day of Hajj According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim
pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near
Mecca, Saudi Arabia. The stampede at Islam's most holy site happened at Jamarat
Bridge, during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the
stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj. The stampede began when
luggage from a bus tripped pilgrims at the eastern end of the wall, causing a
bottleneck. Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people
behind them. Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their
lifetimes, if physically or financially possible, as it is one of the five
pillars of the Islamic faith. Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by
installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush,
installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the
area. This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the
Hajj, with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj, in which 1,426 pilgrims
were trampled. Last week, at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel
near the Masjid Al-Haram (Grand Mosque) collasped, the cause of which is
unknown. 

Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools Sunday, August 2,
2015 In the past few days in Italy, several municipalities have started asking
religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services, despite the
resistance of the Catholic Church. Instituto Gonzaga, a catholic school in
Milan. Image: Friedrichstrasse. The request of the municipalities results from
the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8, recognising as
legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools
to pay property taxes. Requests have come from the Municipality of Bogliasco,
next to Genova, and from the deputies of Movimento 5 Stelle (M5S) of the
regional counsel of Lombardy. The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that
in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of
the religious nursery school and retirement home. In the second case, the M5S
party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the
region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court. The case on which the
Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito and Immacolata in
Livorno, Tuscany, to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the period from 2004
to 2009. The request was advanced by the Municipality of Livorno in 2010. The
city reasoned, "because the users of the private schools pay a frequency fee,
this kind of activity is considered as a commercial one" ((it)). In 2014 the
Italian municipal tax discipline has changed from the ICI system to the IMU
system by the Monti government. A mean cost per student criterion is used to tax
only the schools that receive a fee higher than the mean cost per student fixed
by the State. The new law is not retroactive, so the taxes requested in arrears
from 2006 to 2009 are under the ICI system. Minister of Education Stefania
Giannini said a "more general reflection" ((it)) is needed. Claudio De Vincenti,
undersecretary to the prime minister, said "a discussion table will be opened
with the non-profit associations, religious association included" ((it)).
Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says "many schools will increase
their fees or they will quit. Then the State will have to find new resources to
build new structures and manage them" ((it)). Also the president of the Lombardy
region, Roberto Maroni, has reacted by proposing some regional counter-measures
to finance private schools. The secretary general of CEI (Italian Episcopal
Conference), Nunzio Galantino, has called the sentence "dangerous" ((it)) and
"ideological" ((it)): "We face a dangerous sentence. Who takes the decisions, do
it with less ideology. Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of
thinking, they wait the praise of some ideologized supporters. Indeed, they
don't understand what kind of good service private schools held" ((it)). Italian
secularist associations are concerned the Government will modify the law in
order to maintain an exception for religious schools. The secularist magazine
MicroMega describe the court's judgement as historic. The Union of Rationalist
Atheists and Agnostics (UAAR) has launched a petition which now has more than
11,000 signatures, asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of
the Supreme Court. It is also encouraging citizens to ask for application of the
law in their local municipalities. 

Warhol's photo legacy spread by university exhibits Tuesday, January 28, 2014
Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper, famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider,
amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for
the Visual Arts. Image: Andy Warhol. Opening night, January 23, 2014, of the
Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern
Indiana. Video: Miharris & Acphillips. Evansville, Indiana, United States - This
past week marked the opening night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University
of Southern Indiana. USI's art gallery, like 189 other educational galleries and
museums around the country, is a recipient of a major Warhol donor program, and
this program is cultivating new interest in Warhol's photographic legacy.
Wikinews reporters attended the opening and spoke to donors, exhibit organizers
and patrons. The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its
display of Warhol's Polaroids, gelatin silver prints and several colored screen
prints. USI's exhibit, which is located in Evansville, Indiana, is to run from
January 23 through March 9. Full interview with Kristin Wilkins, curator of the
exhibition at the University of Southern Indiana. Audio: Jkthom. The McCutchan
Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100
Polaroids selected from its collection. The Polaroids were all donated by the
Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program, according to Kristen Wilkins, assistant
professor of photography and curator of the exhibit. The Andy Warhol Foundation
for the Visual Arts made two donations to USI Art Collections, in 2007 and a
second recently. Kathryn Waters, director of the gallery, expressed interest in
further donations from the foundation in the future. Since 2007 the Andy Warhol
Photographic Legacy Program has seeded university art galleries throughout the
United States with over 28,000 Andy Warhol photographs and other artifacts. The
program takes a decentralized approach to Warhol's photography collection and
encourages university art galleries to regularly disseminate and educate
audiences about Warhol's artistic vision, especially in the area of photography.
University exhibits Kristen Wilkins, curator of "Andy Warhol: Photographs and
Prints from the University Collection" at the University of Southern Indiana,
January 23 - March 9 2014. Image: Snbehnke. Wikinews provides additional video,
audio and photographs so our readers may learn more. Wilkins observed that the
2007 starting date of the donation program, which is part of the Andy Warhol
Foundation for the Visual Arts, coincided with the 20th anniversary of Andy
Warhol's death in 1987. USI was not alone in receiving a donation. K.C. Maurer,
chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation, said 500
institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have
accepted one or more donations. Institutional recipients, said Mauer, are
required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one
stipulation. While USI is holding its exhibit, there are also Warhol Polaroid
exhibits at the Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery at Skidmore College in
Saratoga Springs, New York and an Edward Steichen and Andy Warhol exhibit at the
Mary & Leigh Block Museum of Art at Northwestern University in Evanston,
Illinois. All have received Polaroids from the foundation. University exhibits
can reach out and attract large audiences. For example, the Weatherspoon Art
Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels
reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010, according
to curator Elaine Gustafon. That exhibit was part of a collaboration combining
the collections from Duke University, located in Durham, North Carolina, and
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, which also were recipients of
donated items from the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program. Superstars Each
collection donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program holds
Polaroids of well-known celebrities. The successful UNC Greensboro exhibit
included Polaroids of author Truman Capote and singer-songwriter Carly Simon. "I
think America's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was
when Warhol was living", said Gustafon. "People are still intrigued by how stars
live, dress and socialize, since it is so different from most people's every day
lives." Wilkins explained Warhol's obsession with celebrities began when he
first collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his
life. "He's hanging out with the celebrities, and has kind of become the same
sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career",
Wilkins said. The exhibit at USI includes Polaroids of actor Dennis Hopper;
musician Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran; publishers Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone
Magazine and Carlo De Benedetti of Italy's la Repubblica; disco club owner Steve
Rubell of Studio 54; photographers Nat Finkelstein, Christopher Makos and Felice
Quinto; and athletes Vitas Gerulaitis (tennis) and Jack Nicklaus (golf).
Wikinews observed the USI exhibit identifies and features Polaroids of fashion
designer Halston, a former resident of Evansville. University collections across
the United States also include Polaroids of "unknowns" who have not yet had
their fifteen minutes of fame. Cynthia Thompson, curator and director of
exhibits at the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, said, "These images serve
as documentation of people in his every day life and art - "one which many of us
enjoy a glimpse into." Warhol's photographic legacy Warhol was close to
important touchstones of the 1960s, including art, music, consumer culture,
fashion, and celebrity worship, which were all buzzwords and images Wikinews
observed at USI's opening exhibit. He was also an influential figure in the pop
art movement. "Pop art was about what popular American culture really thought
was important", Kathryn Waters said. "That's why he did the Campbell Soup cans
or the Marilyn pictures, these iconic products of American culture whether they
be in film, video or actually products we consumed. So even back in the sixties,
he was very aware of this part of our culture. Which as we all know in 2014, has
only increased probably a thousand fold." "I think everybody knows Andy Warhol's
name, even non-art people, that's a name they might know because he was such a
personality", Water said. Hilary Braysmith, USI associate professor of art
history, said, "I think his photography is equally influential as his graphic
works, his more famous pictures of Marilyn. In terms of the evolution of
photography and experimentation, like painting on them or the celebrity
fascination, I think he was really ground-breaking in that regard. "The Polaroid
format is not what made Warhol famous, however, he is in the company of other
well-known photographers who used the camera, such as Ansel Adams, Chuck Close,
Walker Evans, Robert Mapplethorpe, and Helmut Newton. Wilkins said," [Warhol]
liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid's front flash looked". She explained
how Warhol's adoption of the Polaroid camera revealed his process. According to
Wilkins, Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an
enlargement of it, which he then could use to commit the image to the silk
screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further. One of the silk
screens exhibited at USI this time was the Annie Oakley screen print called
"Cowboys and Indians" from 1987. Wilkins also said Warhol was both an artist and
a businessperson." As a way to commercialize his work, he would make a blue
Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a yellow Marilyn, and then you could pick your
favorite color and buy that. It was a very practical salesman approach to his
work. He was very prolific but very business minded about that."" He wanted to
be rich and famous and he made lots of choices to go that way", Wilkins said.
USI exhibit Kiara Perkins, a second year USI art major, admitted she was willing
to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then
circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit. Why did she so badly want
to attend? "It's Warhol. He is a legend." For Kevin Allton, a USI instructor in
English, Warhol was also a legend. He said, "Andy Warhol was the center of the
Zeitgeist for the 20th century and everything since. He is a post-modern diety."
Allton said he had only seen the Silver Clouds installation before in film. The
Silver Clouds installation were silver balloons blown up with helium, and those
balloons filled one of the smaller rooms in the gallery." I thought that in real
life it was really kind of magical," Allton said. "I smacked them around."
Elements of the Zeitgeist were also playfully recreated on USI's opening night.
In her opening remarks for attendees, Waters pointed out those features to
attendees, noting the touches of the Warhol Factory, or the studio where he
worked, that were present around them. She pointed to the refreshment table with
Campbell's Soup served with "electric" Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful
gumball "pills". The music in the background was from such bands as The Velvet
Underground. The big hit of the evening, Wikinews observed from the long line,
was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy
glasses and have their own Polaroid taken. The Polaroids were ready in an
instant and immediately displayed at the entry of the exhibit. Exhibit goers
then became part of the very exhibit they had wanted to attend. In fact, many
people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and
used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo
of a photo. Perhaps they had learned an important lesson from the Warhol exhibit
that cultural events like these were ripe for use and reuse. We might even call
these exit instant snap shots, the self selfie. 

Scientists analyse effects of global warming, atmospheric ozone on crops Monday,
July 28, 2014 A research team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and
Colorado State University of the US and the University of Sheffield of the UK
has analysed effects of global warming and ozone pollution over 2000 - 2050 on
the worldwide production of wheat, rice, maize and soybean. The study was
published in journal Nature Climate Change yesterday. The scientists found
reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10% of 2000 levels, substantially
decreasing food security, in all cases examined. Several scenarios were
considered because of uncertainty of future levels of ozone pollution. They
estimated by 2050, increasing population and changing diet would increase world
food needs by 50 percent. As coauthor Colette Heald told The Huffington Post,
"The climate projections are quite consistent [...] the future of ozone
pollution is very different [...] leading to either offsetting or reinforcing
effects [of climate change] on crops". By 2050, undernourishment would increase
by either 49 percent or by 27 percent, depending on the scenario. The study
focuses on ozone-temperature covariation: ground-level ozone increases with
temperatures. Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to
impact crop yields, "nobody has looked at these together". Depending on region
and crops, the yields may be primarily sensitive to ozone - in the case of wheat
- or heat - in the case of maize - alone, providing a local estimation of
relative benefits of climate change adaptation versus ozone regulation. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture notes, "Ground-level ozone causes more damage to
plants than all other air pollutants combined", highlighting the importance of
air quality for agriculture. Results of NCLAN studies, published in a paper by
AS Heagle in 1989, show dicot species, such as soybean, cotton, and peanut, lose
more yield from ozone than do monocot species such as sorghum, field corn, and
winter wheat. The researchers found that ozone pollution caused 46 percent of
previously heat-attributed damage to soybean crops. The model does not include
the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration, which has complex and
potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply. The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency says some crops may have higher yields with increased levels
of carbon dioxide. However, global warming also increases probability of extreme
crops-damaging weather events such as floods, droughts, and extreme
temperatures. Climate change affects distribution of weeds, pests, and diseases.
Heald noted the findings show pollution reduction is also important. "An
air-quality cleanup would improve crop yields [...] Ozone is something that we
understand the causes of, and the steps that need to be taken to improve air
quality." As Heald told The Huffington Post, US surface ozone has dropped partly
due to the Clean Air Act. "Despite an increase in vehicle miles driven and
energy consumption, surface ozone has declined by 25 percent on average across
the U.S. from 1980 to 2012 [...] However, the future of ozone air quality in the
U.S. and around the world will depend on local emissions, the use of pollution
control technology, regulations, and air quality policy." The study was
supported by the Croucher Foundation, US National Science Foundation, and US
National Park Service. 

Greek court rules worship of ancient Greek deities is legal Monday, March 27,
2006 Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may
now formally associate and worship at archeological sites. Prior to the ruling,
the religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites by
the Greek Ministry of Culture. Due to that, the religion was relatively
secretive. The Greek Orthodox Church, a Christian denomination, is extremely
critical of worshippers of the ancient deities. Today, about 100,000 Greeks
worship the ancient gods, such as Zeus, Hera, Poseidon, Aphrodite, and Athena.
The Greek Orthodox Church estimates that number is closer to 40,000. Many
neo-pagan religions, such as Wicca, use aspects of ancient Greek religions in
their practice; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient
religions, as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material
allows. 

The Chatham Islands The Chatnam Islands (Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori
language) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand. The islands are
in their own time zone, 45 minutes ahead of New Zealand time; the International
Date Line jogs eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New
Zealand. The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch, in the middle of the
"Roaring Forties". Steeped in culture and history, these islands are on the very
edge of civilisation. Experience Moriori culture, experience Rekohu. Understand
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island, Chatham Island itself, with a
population of 600, smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants, and a number
of rocky outcrops. The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and
sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species. The original
people of the islands are the Moriori, who were descended from the Maori of
mainland New Zealand, but who developed their own culture and variant of the
language. In 1835 Maori settlers from the mainland arrived, massacred and
enslaved the Moriori. Get in By plane The only way for visitors to travel to the
Chathams is via scheduled or chartered air service. Air Chathams fly 5 days per
week, from either Christchurch, Auckland or Wellington and, seasonally, from
Napier. The plane is based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in
the morning, then back to the Chathams in the afternoon. As part of New Zealand,
there are no passport or visa requirements and no border controls on arrival
from the mainland. You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a
flight for the Chathams, as during the popular months of the tourism season,
between October and April, accommodation can be severely limited. There are no
same-day return flights, so once there you have to stay at least one night.
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap, it is worth it. Even the
mainland school groups that fly there for school camps, and choose to stay at
Kopinga Marae [1] get value for money by chartering a flight one way. Anyway,
you don't have a choice on how you get there, unless you happen to own an
aeroplane. However, when you get off that aeroplane, if you haven't
pre-organised transport, you will have to walk, and it is a long way into town.
By boat The only scheduled shipping service to the Chatham Islands remains the
Black Robin Freighters "Rangatira", an antiquated, slow and small coastal
trading vessel. This boat has serviced the islands for many years, but does not
carry passengers. Freight charges on the Rangatira appear to be flexible and
subject to change. Vessels can call at the Chathams and there are a number of
"safe" harbours for shelter if the need arises. Remember to notify the local
policeman, or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via
the Chathams. If you want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as
you near the Chathams and he will sort you out. Get around There are several
businesses on Chatham Island that will rent you a vehicle. Do not expect the
flashest and latest in rental cars though. The cars "will" be warranted and
safe, but they won't be exceptionally "flash". Chatham Motors have a range of
nice rental vans available as well and they provide pretty good service for both
visitors and locals. See Basalt columns Some of the world's most rare and
endangered birds, plants and insects. Unique tree carvings done by the peaceful
Moriori people hundreds of years ago. Henga Scenic Reserve. Set adjacent to
Henga Lodge is the magnificent Henga Scenic Reserve. Guests of the lodge can
meander around either a short easy walk, or take the longer 2 hr return walk out
onto the spectacular beach. Access is free to Lodge guests. Hapupu National
Historic Scenic Reserve. One of only two National Historic Scenic Reserves in
New Zealand (the other is the Waitangi Treaty Grounds), Hapupu is a special
place, and somewhere that you will want to tell others about. Spiritually and
culturally important to Moriori, it holds the last known concentration of
momori-rakau, or tree carvings done by the ancestors of today's Moriori. There
are many views on why they did these carvings, but whatever the reason, you will
find them a very special attraction. Port Hutt. One of the most scenicly
attractive ports in the whole of New Zealand, Port Hutt boasts an incredibly
sheltered little harbour, with picturesque views and safe anchorage in all
weather. Historically important and economically crucial for these islands
today, Port Hutt is the ideal location for a short browse around and a mecca for
those photography buffs [2]. Kopinga Marae. If you could define a place that
will remind you of your visit to the Chathams, then this very special place will
be at the top of your list. Opened in 2005, Kopinga is the official meeting
place of Te Imi Moriori. Adorned with contemporary Moriori carvings and
traditional taonga (treasures), the marae is a magnificent, tasteful and
contemporary testament to the ancestors of Te Imi Moriori. Enjoy a guided tour
of this beautiful and peaceful building. School-Camps At Kopinga Marae [3] also
utilise this wonderful national treasure for hosting visiting school groups.
Tommy Solomon Statue. Tame Horomona Rehe was the last known full-blooded Moriori
and he passed away in 1933. He was however, not the last Moriori. His own
descendants and the descendants of other Moriori live on today. Come and have a
look at this statue, erected in 1985 to commemorate his passing. Come and see
Manakau, the property of his descendants, located on the eastern corner of
Rekohu and blessed with the sun's first rays as they rise above the sea each
day. 

Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie, one of the
Great Lakes, in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, USA. Recreational, cultural and
educational opportunities are abundant throughout Northeast Ohio. Youll find
world-class museums and cultural events, professional sports and amusement
parks, and the most golf courses per capita in the United States. Places Rated
Almanac ranks the area second in recreational options out of 354 US metro areas.
Plus, this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural
resources per one million residents. Understand Cleveland from lakefront.
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio, the 15th largest combined
metropolitan area in the United States. Throughout the twentieth century, the
City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S.
(from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics). Like most U.S. cities,
Cleveland proper began to lose population to suburban areas in the 1960s and
1970s. However, in the mid-1980s, Cleveland earned the nickname the "Comeback
City' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that
continues today. As its "comeback' has continued, the official moniker is now
the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a
model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning. Despite the
common perception that Cleveland is an industrial town, just beyond the
automotive and steel plants, a clean and beautiful downtown rises at the mouth
of the Cuyahoga River on the southern shore of Lake Erie (often marvelled over
by visitors who are surprised you can't see the other side, i.e., Canada). Like
other cities in the so-called "rust belt“, Cleveland has endured growing pains
as it makes its transition from a manufacturing-based economy. While Cleveland
continues to play a leading role in building the U.S. industrial base, it has
also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care, law, finance,
insurance, real estate development, and professional services. Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame and Museum Another thing non-locals don't often realize is that
Cleveland's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural
riches as well as the beginnings of a "sustainable city' movement. Serving as a
global model for urban rebirth, Cleveland has been named one of the top 10
international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine. For decades, the
city has boasted of: a "Big Five" orchestra (The Cleveland Orchestra), the
second largest performing arts center in the U.S. (Playhouse Square Center), a
world-renowned art museum (The Cleveland Museum of Art), the nation's first
health museum (HealthSpace Cleveland), R&D hub of the aerospace and aviation
industry (the NASA Glenn Research & Visitors Center) and a number of other
first-rate attractions (too many to mention here - read on). During its
"comeback' years, Cleveland has added: the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and
Museum, the Great Lakes Science Center with Omnimax theatre, and four new sports
facilities in the downtown area - Progressive Field (Still known as "The Jake'
after a recent corporate name change) for the Major League Baseball Indians,
QuickenLoans Arena ("The Q') for the NBA Cavaliers, Cleveland Browns Stadium for
the NFL Browns and the Wolstein Center for the Cleveland State University
Vikings basketball team. 

Get in For information specific to U.S. citizens see Americans in Cuba Visa and
legal issues A tourist visa card (visa de tarjeta del turista) is necessary for
travelers from most nations. This visa, which is really little more than a piece
of paper on which you list your vital statistics, costs between 15 - 25 CUC (or
€ 15 - 25), depending on where purchased. It can be purchased at the Airport in
Cuba on arrival, however it should be noted that many airlines will require a
valid tourist visa card before boarding flights. It is usually valid for 30 days
and can be extended once for another 30 days at any immigration office in Cuba
(for 25 CUC) - beyond this you would need a flight out of Cuba within the
extended visa period. Canadians are the exception, getting 90 days on arrival
and can apply for a 90 day extension. Your passport needs to be valid at least
six months past the end of your planned return. Canadian passports must be valid
for at least one month beyond the date of expected departure ([2]). From Canada,
the tourist card is normally provided on the flight. It can also be purchased
from most Latin American gateway airports if departing from there (Cancun: 250
MXN, Mexico City: USD 25). Please note that if departing from Europe (this may
apply to other countries), you will require to have the visa before boarding the
plane. Some times, the airline provides these at the airport, however check
first that this is the case. Without a valid visa, boarding will be denied (the
airline would otherwise get a $ 1,000 fine from the Cuban immigration
authorities). Country-specific advise UK: Applying for the visa is a very simple
process and can be done by post or in person at the Cuban embassy in London.
When applying to the Cuban Consulate by post, there is a new charge introduced
in 2011 which is a £ 25 for a non-personal transaction. If you cannot go to the
Cuban Consulate you may consider using VisaCuba ([3]) because it may be cheaper.
Through them it may cost £ 20 in total per person. If you apply in person to the
Cuban Consulate, you get the visa straight away. It can also be done through
online agencies as mentioned before although they may be slightly more expensive
(normally £ 15 + £ 15 admin fee and additional postage). Germany: You can obtain
the tourist card through the Cuban embassy in post. Travel agencies may often
offer cheaper and quicker services though. Regular tourists who renew their 30
day visa are eligible to depart the country (to any destination) and return
immediately enjoying a further 60 days (30 days plus a 30 day extension). You
are only allowed two consecutive stays in this manner. If you want to stay with
friends or family in Cuba you have to go with your intended host within two days
after arrival to a migration office and pay 40 CUC for a 30 days family visa.
Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda (28 days), Barbados (28 days), Benin, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, CIS (except Ukraine and Uzbekistan), Dominica, Grenada (60 days),
Liechtenstein (90 days), Macedonia, Malaysia (90 days), Mongolia, Montenegro (90
days), Namibia, Singapore, Slovakia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint
Vincent and the Grenadines, Serbia (90 days), Turkmenistan who can stay 30 days
without visa. (The source of the previous sentence is unknown. Aeromexico staff
at Cancun airport claim that only citizens of China and Russia need no visa. It
is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25, to be paid in
cash when departing Cuba by airplane; this is not required for boat departures.
This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it. You will run
into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax
when leaving the country. An ATM and currency exchange are available at Havana
airport, but these facilities are not as reliable in Cuba as in other places.
Cuban customs can be strict, though they sometimes go easy on tourists. 

Fort Lee Fort Lee is a city in Bergen County. View of the George Washington
Bridge's long span and Manhattan, as seen while looking east from Fort Lee
Historic Park Understand Fort Lee is located between the Paramus, NJ retail
corridor and Upper Manhattan. This town is comprised of a large residential
community that includes Fort Lee natives, transplants from New York, and
immigrants, especially from Korea. This cultural diversity is represented
through the vast variety of international restaurants and small business, and in
particular, there is a strong Korean presence that can be seen in retail and
dining storefronts. Fort Lee is a small town but is piled high with apartment
buildings. Because Fort Lee is situated above the banks of the Hudson River,
there are breathtaking views from almost any window facing the river. The New
York City skyline and 4th of July fireworks are spectacular over the river.
Although it is highly built up, Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and
recreational parks as well as bike and running trails. And although there is a
great deal of vehicle traffic to and from the George Washington Bridge, which
connects Fort Lee with Manhattan, one of the largest perks of this town is the
walking access to many restaurants, convenience stores and mass transit, in the
form of buses and vans that frequently run across the bridge and up and down
major streets. Get in One of the more interesting of the many highrise
residential buildings in Fort Lee Fort Lee is bordered by Edgewater, Englewood
Cliffs, Cliffside Park and Leonia. By car If coming from New York City, take the
George Washington Bridge; Fort Lee is the first town on the New Jersey side of
the bridge. By bus or jitney Ask any bus or jitney driver leaving from the Port
Authority George Washington Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off
in Fort Lee. By ferry Fort Lee can also be accessed by boat or ferry from New
York City via Edgewater and Weehawken docks. By plane The nearest airports to
Fort Lee are Newark Airport, LaGuardia Airport, Teterboro (general aviation
only), JFK and Westchester County Airport. Get around Old and new meet in Fort
Lee, as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential
highrise immediately behind it Most people choose cars, but if headed to a
central area, such as Main Street, it is best to drive there, park in a
municipal parking lot, and walk around from there. Since so much of the town’s
retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius, it would be beneficial to walk
around, but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections. If
walking use caution, and if parking, make sure to feed the meter with plenty of
pocket change; the meter maids take their job very seriously. Since fort lee is
situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city,
there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads. If you are planning on
being somewhere at a certain time, one might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15
minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways. For local
transportation or air-port/train station services, there are several local taxi
companies that are reliable. A-1 2470 Lemoine Avenue, tel: 1 201 944-3737.
Babe's 185 Bridge Plaza North, tel: 1 201 944-6800. G W Taxi 1696 Bergen Blvd,
tel: 1 201 363-0555. See Fort Lee Historic Park, a reconstruction of a
Revolutionary War encampment, with beautiful views and pleasant greenery Fort
Lee is known and named for the story of how General George Washington was forced
to evacuate the area in November of 1776 and begin his famous retreat through
New Jersey during the winter of 1776-77 in the protection of "Fort Lee". The
Visitors' Center provides information on the role of Fort Lee in the War.
Audio-visual displays, detailed exhibits, gives visitors a sense of what this
town was like centuries ago. Fort Lee Historic Park, Hudson Terrace, tel: 1 201
461-1776. Revolutionary re-enactments, and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge,
the Little Red Light House, Hudson River and majestic city skyline. The George
Washington Bridge can be crossed by bicycle or on foot as well as in a motorized
vehicle. Do Fort Lee's Public School 4, a daily activity for the elementary
school set Other than eating, or shopping, or shopping for food, there is not
much else to do unless you work in Fort Lee. Fort Lee also has a great community
center open to all borough residents. The community center has dance, yoga, and
other exercise classes, offers open gym hours for basketball or other
recreation. During the summer their outdoor theatre is used for performances and
"movies in the park" every Friday night. Jack Alter Fort Lee Community Center,
1355 Inwood Terrace, tel: 1 201-592-4699, contact for membership information,
and upcoming events. Buy There is an abundance of supermarkets, one the most
famous and unique being Caffasso’s Fairway Market. There are also many nail
salons, frozen yogurt shops, coffee shops and gas stations. Cafasso's Fairway
Market 1214 Anderson Ave, 1 201-224-7900. Store hours: Mon-Fri 08:30 am - 7 pm,
Sat 08:30 am - 06:30 pm, Sun 9 am - 03:00 pm Main Street is the primary retail
section of Fort Lee, and features stores such as Borders and liquor stores, and
you can find a deli or drug store on every corner. There are tons of specialty
boutiques and gourmet caterers, as well as clothing and sporting good retailers.
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants, a haven for flower lovers, with a very
large selection of products for gardeners. Eat Within Fort Lee, the main
attraction would be its collection of restaurants. Fort Lee offers international
cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias, delis and 24-hour diners, in addition
to its Korean restaurants. They have a warm local atmosphere and taste great. 

Guadeloupe Guadeloupe, known as Gwadloup in the local creole, and sometimes
known as the Butterfly Island (French: I'ile Papillon) on account of the shape
of two of its major islands, is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean, and
is a French overseas department. It is located southeast of Puerto Rico. Islands
Basse Terre: green and lush vegetation, mountainous with a sulphuric volcano.
Grande Terre: flat and dry with a lot of beaches, some of them very touristic.
Marie Galante: the biggest island out of mainland Guadeloupe. Les Saintes:
composed of Terre de Haut and Terre de Bas, one of the most beautiful bays. La
Désirade: dry and cliffy. Petite Terre: uninhabited and untamed. Cities Grande
Terre Map of Guadeloupe Pointe-à-Pitre: with its suburbs, it is the economic
capital of Guadeloupe Gosier: maybe one of the most interesting places of
Guadeloupe to enjoy nightlife. (You can enter most nightclubs with proper
clothes, that is, no sneakers, no shorts) St François if you go at the eastern
point of Guadeloupe, you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux, a scenery made of
sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle. From there, you can
look up at the islands La Désirade, Petite Terre, Marie Galante, Les Saintes, La
Dominique but also have a perfect view of the islands Grande Terre and far away
Basse Terre. St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach (maybe
the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe). L'Americano, bd Georges Mandel,
0590883899: bar / restaurant offers free salsa courses on Saturdays and live
performances some days. You will find all kind of bars. You can try Club Med,
0590854950 fax: 0590854959 (for instance, others resort may propose this formula
too) for a one day all inclusive (breakfast, buffet, bars, drinks, beach volley,
windsurf, boat, gym, dance courses ...) for about € 46, so it may be a good deal
(as it costs € 7 one hour of windsurf). Morne à l'eau, renowned for its amazing
cemetery composed of burial places made of black and white tiles. Anse Bertrand,
not far from there, you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie, northern point
of mainland Guadeloupe. You can also go to Porte d'Enfer, a beautiful still
stripe of sea between a scenery of reefs. From there, walk one hour along the
cliff, and you will discover a Souffleur, kind of geyser due to the pressure of
the sea. Abymes nothing special to see, but the weekend, there are 3 local
nightclubs: L'instant, Caraibes and Latin Club. They are located at the same
place. Baie-Mahault: the industrial and commercial zone of Guadeloupe, nothing
special to do or see. Here stands the biggest shopping mall of the island. Not
too far from there, you can find a local bar / nightclub named Bik Kreyol, Beau
Soleil, 0590258046 or 0590920648 (Entrance € 5, Drinks € 3). Local music (ragga,
zouk, rnb) and local customers. The building is typical, it's a former
warehouse. Other destinations Don't miss the spectacular waterfalls in the
jungle of Basse-Terre (Carbet Falls). Some are within 5 – 10 minutes walking
distance from the nearest parking lot, some require at least 3 – 4 hours of
hiking (those are, of course less frequented by other tourists and you might
find yourself alone at a spectacular waterfall in the middle of nowhere - an
amazing experience!). The local rum distilleries offer tours (check for opening
times as they may very from season to season) which are certainly worth the
while since rum production is a very integral part of Guadeloupe's economy. And
sampling the local rums is definitely worth the while. Even though they might
not be the best way to get around the island, a ride on the bus is still an
experience you should not miss. Cheap, full of locals, conducted by fearless
drivers, you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of
Guadeloupean zouk music. Some routes are not good for passengers with weak
stomachs. 

Łódź Łódź (Pronounced: Wootch) is Poland's third biggest city, and the capital
of the Łódzkie Voivodship. Unlike most other large Polish cities, which have
long histories, Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century
textile industry boom to house textile mills, their owners and their workers,
and rapidly grew to become an important industrial and commerce centre. In
recent years, Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration
resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub
for design and creative industries. Owing to its history, Łódź has an impressive
collection of residential, commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture
including some of Europe's largest factory buildings, now mostly repurposed as
shopping centres or lofts. Recent local investment and a long-standing cultural
scene ensures there is always something more to do than just sightseeing or
shopping, with the city hosting some of the best museums and art galleries in
the country. The close proximity of Warsaw and Łódź's location at the crossroads
of the Polish motorway system make it an ideal destination for a day trip or
longer city break. Understand Historic fire station in Księży Młyn area Name and
history The origin of the city's name is unknown, however, the word łódź
translates to "boat" in English. This is referred to in the emblem and when you
hear the dwellers of Łódź (łodzianin (man) łodzianka (woman) łodzianie (plural))
calling themselves "the boat people". A settlement on the area of present-day
Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town
charter, along with the right to have a marketplace. However, the real
development of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th
century when the city was chosen to be the heart of the rapidly-growing textile
industry. The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and
40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century, which was
an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale. The rapid development of Łódź in
the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous
industrialist fortunes. New inhabitants, craftsmen and merchants came to Łódź;
markets and town fairs came to life. The profits obtained from prosperous
textile mills opened up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners.
The city residences became expressions of the riches and power of the local
tycoons. They were usually situated next to the owner's factory. Ever since the
industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce, Łódź had been a
city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish, Jewish, German and
Russian. The day before the outbreak of World War II, Łódź was inhabited by
approximately 672,000 people, among whom 35% were of Jewish faith and some 15%
were ethnic German. Andrzej Wajda's movie, Promised Land based on a novel by the
Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont, depicts those times and is a worthwhile
introduction to the city's bustling history. During the Nazi occupation, Łódź
was incorporated directly into the Third Reich. The city was renamed to
Litzmannstadt, and Piotrkowska Street was called Adolf-Hitler-Strasse. The
Jewish community was practically wiped out, and many others lost their lives.
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath, the material losses were
serious as the machinery, raw materials and finished goods were taken away by
the fleeing Nazis. The day before the liberation, about 80,000 Germans left Łódź
in panic. At the beginning of 1945, the population was estimated at 300,000.
Plac Wolności Łódź today Since the fall of communism in Poland, Łódź has not
enjoyed the rapid economic growth cities like Kraków, Warsaw and Wrocław have
experienced, and has had to endure the fall of much of its textile industry,
rising unemployment and emigration (within Poland and abroad). This led to
further dilapidation of the investment-starved city, and many of its streets and
buildings show profound signs of neglect. At first glance, for a city of 760,000
and agglomeration of 1.428,000, there does not seem to be much to see. However,
the situation is rapidly changing now with Łódź campaigning and redesigning
itself as an up-and-coming destination. To accomplish this, Łódź has been
capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the
"HollyŁódź" of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural
events. Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday; however,
there is a certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and
leitmotivs, not to mention its grand artistic traditions. 

Mérida Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico. It has a
population of about 750,000, and is the largest city in the Yucatán Peninsula.
Catedral de San Ildefonso Zócalo or Main Plaza, with the Cathedral in the
distance Understand Mérida is a city of contrasts. You will find elegant hotels,
restaurants and malls in the northern part of the city. Downtown, there are
hotels and restaurants to suit every budget. A large central market and numerous
small shops are found all around the main plaza. Mérida has a rich cultural life
which also reflects its diversity. Many free concerts, performances and other
events are held daily. The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the
1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho. The palatial home of the
family of conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the
Zócalo or main square. Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen
reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town. From the later
1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen
or sisal plant harvest, which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world.
Progressive Mérida had electric trams and street lights before Mexico City. The
wealthy constructed the grand Pasejo Montejo avenue north of the old town,
inspired by the Champs-Élysées in Paris. With the development of artificial
twines the sisal boom ended, and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy provincial
capital until development picked back up in the late 20th century. The city's
ambiance is colonial and the climate is tropical. The daytime temperature
varies; in January, it is about 24 ° C (75 ° F) and in June, about 35 ° C (95 °
F). To beat the heat, most people are busiest in the mornings. They have lunch
and siesta, then go back to work for a few hours in the late afternoon. The cool
breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is
when many of the residents spend their time outdoors. You can see them visiting
and talking as they stroll along the streets, sit in the plazas or dine in the
many sidewalk restaurants. From Mérida, it is easy to take day trips to a vast
array of destinations: archaeological sites, ecological parks, typical villages,
caves, beaches, colonial missions and more. Take your time and really explore
the Maya sites, walk for miles along the Gulf of Mexico, attend a village
festival, photograph the wildlife, crawl through a cave or swim in a cenote.
Tourist Information (Turismo Mérida), email: turismo@merida.gob.mx. The city
maintains several tourist information offices, all of which can offer helpful
information on accommodation, free maps, and bus connections. All offices also
have free copies of Yucatan Today, a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication
listing all events in the city and the surrounding region. City Hall Information
Center (Módulo de Información Turística Palacio Municipal) Calle 62 between 61
and 63 (inside the Palacio del Gobierno left of the main entrance), ☎ +
529999420000 x 80119. Daily 08:00 - 20:00, Su 08:00 - 14:00. Paseo de Montejo
Information Module (Módulo de Información Turística Paseo de Montejo) Ave Paseo
de Montejo 56A x 33A ☎ + 529999204044 e-mail: turismo@merida.gob.mx. 08:00 -
20:00. 

Phoenix Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most
populous city in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United
States. Founded in 1871, it has become the region's primary political, cultural,
economic, and transportation center. At an elevation of 1100 ft (335 m), it is
situated in the biologically unique Sonoran Desert. Over time it has merged with
the neighboring cities of Scottsdale, Tempe, Glendale, Peoria, Chandler, and
Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area. Currently exurbs such as
Apache Junction, Fountain Hills, Queen Creek, and Sun City are becoming part of
this metropolitan area as well. Phoenix is extremely hot and dry in the
summertime, so always have sunscreen with you! Understand Why would anybody want
to start a city in the middle of a desert? The answer is, surprisingly,
agriculture. The Salt and Verde Rivers of central Arizona were exploited for
large-scale agriculture by Native Americans as early as the 11th century. The
area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam culture, which
built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages, whose remains may
be viewed in the city to this day. White settlers discovered the remnants of the
Hohokam culture in the 19th century. The city's name reflects its history as a
city "reborn from the ashes" of the previous settlement. European-American
settlement of the area commenced in the 1860s, and in 1911 the completion of the
first of several large reservoirs in the mountains north and east of Phoenix
insured its success as a center for irrigation-based agriculture. Many tens of
thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops, and for
many years, intensive, year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the
economy. Recent years are seeing a revival, and trendy hotels, bars, shops and
restaurants are making it a place to be again. Warm and sunny winter weather
also ensured a thriving tourism industry, and encouraged many Easterners and
Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix. High-tech industry began to flourish after
World War II, and since that time the growth of Phoenix has been explosive. As a
result, a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014
estimate of 1,537,058 (with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109). Climate
Phoenix has an arid climate with long, hot summers and very mild winters. It has
the highest average temperature of any metropolitan area in the States. The
weather varies enormously from one season to the next. While it's not as cold as
in the northern states during the winter, it does freeze sometimes, and
temperatures in the 30s ° F (that's around or slightly above 0 ° C) are not
unheard of. In the summer, very hot and dry heat is the norm. On the hottest
days, it can get up to 115 ° F (46 ° C) or more. Monsoon rains with lightning
occur regularly from July to September during the late afternoon and evening,
occasionally overnight also. April is the most ideal month. In some
neighborhoods, cicada insects make loud sounds from sunset to sunrise. Talk
English is the dominant language in Phoenix. However, like much of the Southwest
with a large Hispanic population, Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix.
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places,
although English is the language of preference, especially when dealing with
businesses and government. Get in By plane Wikimedia Maps Phoenix Sky Harbor
International Airport (IATA: PHX) +1602275-4958 is the main air gateway to
Arizona. It is at the southeast end of Downtown. It is a hub for American
Airlines and Southwest Airlines. Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4. There is no
Terminal 1. Terminal 2: Alaska (Gates 10 & 11), Great Lakes (Gates C & D),
Spirit, Sun Country, United Terminal 3: Delta, Frontier, Hawaiian, JetBlue
Terminal 4: Aeroméxico, Air Canada, American, British Airways, Southwest,
Volaris, WestJet Valley Metro #13 goes west to S 75th Ave along S Buckeye (via
Greyhound depot) from Terminal 2. Likewise one can take the PHX skytrain over to
the nearby 44th & Washington St Station to catch the #1 (west to the downtown
Central Station and Priest & Washington in Tempe to the east along Washington
St); #44 bus (north to the Desert Ridge Marriott Resort in Deer Valley along N
44th St & Tatum); and the light rail (east to Tempe & Mesa and to Midtown (along
Central Ave) via downtown in the other direction). 

Understand Due to its remarkable biodiversity, with over a third of the local
plant species found nowhere else, Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World
Heritage Site. With over 40,000 inhabitants, though, it's not just a nature
reserve. The Island is new to tourism, so if you are looking for a luxurious
vacation this is not the right destination. However, Socotra is a perfect
destination for the adventurous and nature loving travelers. Socotra takes pride
in their eco-tourism and values their spectacular plant and wildlife that may
sometimes be only found on this island. Although the lodging and facilities may
not be the same as more modern and developed locations, Socotra is a beautiful
and magnificent destination choice. Great care is shown to both guests and the
environment. Socotra is an eco-tourism system with limited infrastructure and
new to the international tourist market, and therefore the hotel accommodations
are not quite like other destinations. However there are four hotels in Hadibo:
Taj Socotra Hotel, Hafijj Hotel, Socotra Hotel, and Summer land Hotel. These
hotels may not be the most luxerious, but they do provide air-conditionting,
televisions, and refrigerators in all of the rooms. Most of the rooms at these
hotels have their own bathroom, but there are a few rooms at the Hafijj Hotel
and Socotra Hotel that must share bathrooms. Fortunately, there is a restaurant
in each of the hotels with simple yet delicious cuisine. Considering Socotra is
a fairly new eco-tourism destination, their facilities are decent. In addition,
there is also another hotel at the airport as well as multiple guest houses
around the island. The most popular lodging is actually camping on the beaches.
There are several campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with
beautiful mountain views in the background. Tourists can choose to purchase
camping tour packages which include a driver or guide that will show tourists
around the beaches as well as provide meals during their stay. It is a fantastic
way to enjoy the beauty and wildlife of the island. A runway that provides
fairly regular airline transportation was only constructed in 1999. Like
everything else, infrastructure and transportation has only just begun in recent
years. There are also plans for new harbor facilities that will allow fisherman
to sell and catch more easily and make importing food and fuel simpler. In
addition, there are also two information centers located at the airport and
Hadibo. When to go: Climate is an important consideration. And this depends on
your interest. Nature enthusiasts should go from early October to late April.
The monsoon occurs in July till mid-August (during July in the south east and
south west of the island, wind surfing activity can be arranged). Generally,
wildlife and natural viewing is best from the end of January through May. Get in
By plane Dixam, in the centre of the island There are flights from Sana'a via Al
Mukalla. Yemenia Airlines offers one flight per week on Thursday morning. Felix
Airways offers two flights per week on Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning.
Flight durations are almost three hours. There are also flights from Sharjah via
Al Mukalla. Get around There is a public bus from the airport to Hadibo and from
Hadibo to Qalansia. Beside these two buses, there is no public transport, but
car rental with driver is available. There is a lot of walking and hiking along
with camel back rides available. See Socotra is considered the jewel of
biodiversity in the Arabian Sea. Although the region is small, it is
characterized by unique land and marine biodiversity. The interior of the island
is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone
plateau. While on the outer coastline, breathtaking natural beaches have pure
white sand dunes and palm trees. Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many
rare spectacular species of reefs, fish, birds, plants, and trees which are not
found anywhere else in the world. The limestone plateau and the Hagghier
Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species, but endemics are
found throughout the island in every type of vegetation. One of the most famous
plants is the dragon's blood tree “dracaena cinnabara” which exists only on
Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth. The tree got its name because if any
damage is made to the bark then a dark red liquid oozes out. The dragon's blood
tree thrives in Socotra's arid climate There is also the Desert Rose (adenium
obesium) which looks like a blooming elephant leg. Also found in Socotra's
landscape is the ever-strange and extremely rare Cucumber Tree. In addition
there are over 120 species of birds and about 190 species of butterflies. There
is so much beauty all around the island, it is difficult not the appreciate to
magnificent scenery and wildlife. 

Tulsa Tulsa is in the Green Country region of Oklahoma. It is also called
“T-town” by the locals and has been called the "Oil Capital of the World". The
city had about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of
2010 from the US Census Bureau. The Tulsa Bartlesville Combined area had 988,000
in the 2010 census. Understand Tulsa lies in northeastern Oklahoma, at the
convergence of the Great Plains and the Ozark Plateau, and receives an average
of 40 inches of precipitation each year, both of which account for its abundant
beautiful rolling green terrain. As a result, Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma
stereotype of being nothing but a flat, arid dust bowl. Summers can be very warm
and with the cold wind across the plains it can get very cold in the winter, but
it does not last long. The winters are considered to be very mild. There is not
much snow, just a few inches each year, typically, although in 2007 and again in
2008 there were rather large "ice storms". Tulsa has over 225 days of sunshine
annually. In Tulsa you will find old west charm as well as a cosmopolitan
atmosphere. You will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that
southern charm, so they are willing to help you find your way around. Tulsa has
one of the largest concentrations of Art Deco in the nation, having been a
booming city during the 1920s when the architecture was first built by rich oil
barons who built stately mansions and turned the Downtown area into a treasure
trove of art. Get in By plane Tulsa International Airport (IATA: TUL) in the
northern part of Tulsa. It has major airlines with direct flights to major
cities in the U.S. It is a small but nice airport with sofas and chairs all
around and a very laid-back feel. The car rental area and parking is well
integrated. The airport offers free short term parking (first half-hour free).
Richard L. Jones, Jr. Airport (IATA: RVS) (often called the "Riverside Airport")
is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport. By train There is no
passenger train service to Tulsa. By car Most Tulsans drive almost everywhere,
although bus, bike, and pedestrian routes are starting to catch on. From the
North / Kansas - US-75 South from Bartlesville, OK, or US-169 South from
Coffeyville, KS. From the Northeast / Missouri - I-44 West, aka the "Will Rogers
Turnpike." The world's former largest McDonalds spans the roadway near Vinita,
OK. From the East / Arkansas - US-412 West, aka the "Cherokee Turnpike." From
the Southeast / Arkansas - The "Muskogee Turnpike." From the South - US-75 from
Okmulgee, OK, aka the "Okmulgee Beeline." From the Southwest / Oklahoma City -
I-44 East, aka the "Turner Turnpike." From the West - US-412 East, aka the
"Cimarron Turnpike." For the slow scenic route from Northeast or Southwest come
in on old Route 66. By bus Greyhound Bus Lines +1918584-4428, 317 S Detroit Ave.
(downtown). Get around Thanks to urban planning, the major city streets are
placed in a grid layout. Almost all major intersections are one mile from each
other, and exactly in a straight line. That makes it much easier to find places
than in cities where streets go every which way. The major exception is
downtown, which is slanted at almost a 45 degree angle to the rest of the grid.
By car Several freeways and bypasses can be used to easily get around the Tulsa
Metro area: I-244, I-44, US 169 (Mingo Valley Expressway, aka "Pearl Harbor
Memorial Expressway"), US 75, Hwy 51 (Broken Arrow Expressway, The "B.A."),
Creek Turnpike. The streets and avenues are planned on a 1 mile by 1 mile grid
system, with the main arterials running on each mile. In the core of the city,
named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities, generally in
repeating alphabetical order (for example, Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden).
In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns. North
/ South is divided by Admiral Blvd. Name streets East of Main are cities east of
the Mississippi River, vice versa for name streets west of Main. In the parts of
the city farther from downtown, north-south streets are numbered. It is
important to recognize that the specific format of the north-south numbered
street names is North / South 145th East / West Avenue. Numbered streets run
East / West with Main Street and the Arkansas River as the dividing line. Watch
out for Place, Street, Avenue designation, e.g. 47th Place, 47th Street, or
Florence Place, Florence Avenue. It is important to recognize that the specific
format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North /
South. In some parts of the city, numbered streets intersect, so the distinction
is important. Although rare, one east-west numbered street may even intersect
with a street of the same number running north-south. Downtown streets were
originally platted parallel to the Frisco railroad tracks. When Tulsa expanded
beyond the bounds of its original plat, the expanded areas were platted in
alignment with the points of the compass. Thus the "twisted" area down-town
represents the original extent of Tulsa ca 1907. By bus Tulsa Transit provides
bus service for the Tulsa Metro area. Cities served are Tulsa, Sand Springs,
Sapulpa, Jenks, and Broken Arrow. The central station is at 319 S. Denver
(downtown). They do not run that often, especially to the outer towns like
Broken Arrow. Unlike major cities in the Northeast, the city bus is not a major
form of transportation in the city. It is usually a means of travel for those
who are without their own motor vehicle. By bicycle Tulsa has an extensive
interconnected paved bike trail system. Rivertrail follows the Arkansas River
from downtown Tulsa south to the suburbs. The Katy Trail runs west to Sand
Springs. The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa
campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook. The Creek Trail connects
Rivertrail and continues east through Broken Arrow to the NSU-Broken Arrow
campus. Riders accustomed to flat terrain may find Tulsa's rolling land to be a
bit more challenging, particularly during the heat of summer. If you are looking
for a good workout, the Creek Turnpike Trail follows the land's original
contours. Rivertrail is probably be best choice for the rider seeking an easy
route. Four bike loan depots, located along Rivertrail, allow riders to borrow a
bike for free for up to twenty-four hours. Tulsa has an active bicycling
community. 

York York is an ancient cathedral city with a history that dates back to before
Roman times. It is situated in Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, England with some of
the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe. As of the 2001
census, the population of York was 181,000. York is frequently ranked (often
vying with Manchester) the second most visited city in England after London.
York Minster Understand York was known as Eboracum by the Romans, who founded
the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71. York was home first to the
Ninth Legion and later the Sixth. York quickly became one of the most important
cities in Roman Britain, and after 211 became the capital of the province
Britannia Inferior. Constantine the Great - later responsible for making
Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire - was first proclaimed
Emperor in the city. Captured by the Vikings 866, the city quickly took on a new
identity as Jorvik (pronounced "Yor-vik") and experienced a major urban revival
as a centre of Viking trade and settlement in northern England. The Coppergate
excavations of the 1970s revealed much of this Viking past. York is a fairly
small city - four days is enough to see the major sights although York is a city
that reveals its charms to explorers with curiosity and patience. York is known
as England's "City of Festivals "as there are regular cultural festivals every
year. The official festivals are the Viking Festival, the Festival of Angels,
Early Music, Late Music, Horse Racing (the "Ebor Race Meeting"), Multicultural
Food and Arts, Chinese New Year, Mystery Plays, Christmas St Nicholas' Fair, and
the Food and Drink Festival. It's a romantic city for a weekend break. York is
full of magic and a wonderful place to bring children! Get in Most travellers
will arrive in York by road (car or bus) or rail from other parts of the UK or
an airport. By car Although York is not directly on any of the main north-south
motorways, the connections are reasonably good. From the south, the quickest
route is probably to take the M1 northbound to junction 32, then the M18
eastbound to junction 2, the A1M northbound to junction 44 and finally the A64
eastbound to the York Outer Ring Road (A1237). Alternatively, you can take the
M1 all the way to the A64, but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and
Leeds can get very congested, especially in the rush hours. From the west, the
A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester, and from the
north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside, Northumberland and
south-eastern Scotland. Driving into the city centre itself is something to
avoid. Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city
(especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road) can get very bad,
especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings. The remodelling of
some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made
traffic jams even worse still in recent years, and parking in the city centre is
very expensive. If you are just visiting York for the day, using a Park and Ride
[1] costs a lot less than trying to park in or near the city centre, and there
are five sites dotted around the Outer Ring Road. However, the last buses from
the city centre leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not allowed to
leave your car in a Park and Ride overnight. Therefore, if you are staying
overnight in York and arriving by car, make sure that your hotel offers parking
before you book. If you are only visiting for the day but staying until late
evening, you will need to use a city centre car park. 

How to Detect Arrogant People Do you always seem to cross paths with people who
are stuck on themselves, intolerant of people different from them, rude or
downright arrogant? These people can be a great source of potential pain, and
this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant.
Steps Pay attention to their conversations. Don't eavesdrop, but when they 're
talking to you or to those around you, listen to them. Is it always about them?
Do they get mad or irritated if the centre of attention moves to someone else?
These are good signs of arrogance. Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection
of limited life experience, and feeling concerned that those with greater life
experience "have got something over them". Rather than seeking to find out more
through questions and learning (actions viewed by them as showing
vulnerability), arrogant people tend to generalize from their limited, narrow
life experiences and try to impose their small worldview on others. Jealousy of
your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or
arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that
you don't. Arrogant people have an extremely strong need to look good. When you
make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be
very mad at you. This happens when you question (or at least seem to question)
their appearance, intelligence, athletic abilities, or anything else relating to
their self-image. Challenge their worldview. Don't be aggressive –– just
skeptical and curious. If they get upset, gauge their anger. If it's minimal,
they may be simply having a bad day. But if they 're enraged, then they may see
you as questioning their 'perfect little world.' And having one of those is
usually indicative of arrogance. At some point or another, most people realize
that the world doesn't revolve around them. Arrogant people counteract this by
creating an atmosphere that revolves around them, and get angry if they 're
reminded of the real world. Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it
suggests imperfection, change and lack of certainty (realities we all must
contend with as best we can). As such, instead of accepting that the world
behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one's preferences, the arrogant
person seeks to control everything and everyone, which of course, is an
impossible mission. Reality hurts when it intrudes; as such, an arrogant person
is less likely than other people to self-reflect or analyse, thereby not seeing
their own imperfections. They may also give themselves undue credit for positive
achievements instead of acknowledging the input of others or of circumstances.
Learn the quality of their friendships. Don't be nosy or gossipy, but if they
are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next, that's a sign of
them having a lot of fair weather friends. That's a sign of arrogance, since it
is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who's stuck on themselves.
Prideful people have a strong need to look good, and being self-sufficient is an
effective way to do that. Since being a good friend to someone usually means
helping them, they often can't stand the thought of a good friendship.
Ironically, arrogant people often can't understand why they don't have any
reliable and supportive friends. How do they treat those not like themselves? In
other words, how do they treat those with different beliefs, cultural
backgrounds and ways of seeing the world? If it's inherently negative, then they
're either over-zealous, ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that
contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only. Determine this
based on their general personality and the people they 're interacting with.
Many times prideful people have a serious 'my-way's-the-only-way' attitude. This
is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land.
What's their personality like? Take note of how they act, talk, and use their
social status. Do they have a general sense of 'coolness?' Are they a
chatterbox? Do they act like they own the place, or act like the 'big dog?' Are
they very keen on their self-image? Many arrogant people have a false charm that
no one seems to see through. But the arrogant person is usually more than happy
to show their cruel side to those that they don't like. When they are cruel,
their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they
're afraid that they'll be treated badly by their 'friend.' Mention people you
know that they don't like. This isn't meant to begin a conflict, but to gauge
their rivalries, annoyances and enmities. If their condemnation seems to be
reasonable, they probably aren't hubristic. If it's harsh, they are. For the
most part, arrogant people see people that they don't like as threats to their
perfect little world. The more they hate someone, the more dangerous that person
is to their fantasy land. And in turn, the bigger the threat, the harsher the
criticism. Ask around to see what they've been saying about you. If they have
been saying bad things about you, they may simply not like you. If they 're nice
to your face, but talk bad about you behind your back like it's their favourite
hobby, then they probably have a problem with pride. Arrogant people often
subconsciously know that they don't have any good friends. They compensate for
this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a
'quantity, not quality' mentality. Then they simply insult their trophy friends
when they aren't looking. 

How to Ballet Dance Ballet began in royal courts in the early 1600's, and early
forms of this elegant and sophisticated art involved long skirts and wooden
clogs. Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world, and studying
ballet can help develop strong bodies, spatial and temporal awareness, and
improve coordination. People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout
their adult lives, making this technique the basis of training for all types of
dance. While dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training, you
can learn the basics to prepare yourself for further study. Learn to get ready
for practicing, the basic positions, and some of the first techniques you 're
likely to encounter in ballet. Part 1 Getting Ready to Dance Stretch your
muscles thoroughly. Stretching is important to loosen muscles, strengthen
muscles and to elongate your posture. It is vital that it is done at the
beginning of each ballet session, including before a performance. When taking on
ballet, it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes, to give
the muscles ample opportunity to warm up, reducing the risk of injury. You
should also stretch to "wind down" at the end of ballet dancing. Always wear
ballet slippers. Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug, but not so tight
they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet. There are different
styles and types of shoes, so ask your ballet teacher or a salesman at the store
for advice, given your intentions for dancing. Don't buy shoes to grow into,
because your feet will seem flexed when you pointe and will look flat. You
should fit them to where the drawstring is tied slightly loose. If your
drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is
roughly the size of your fingernail. The drawstring just completes the fit. It
isn't made to tighten overly large shoes. If you can't buy ballet shoes, that it
is okay. Use socks without the stickies on the bottom, so you can turn! Wear
comfortable and snug-fitting athletic clothes. The most important thing is that
you are comfortable, and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting
clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the
mirror. A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet. Pink or
black ballet slippers are also appropriate. If you 're signed up for a class,
check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school.
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require
any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts. Mostly they require
tight fitting clothing so they can see that your muscles are working properly
and so on. Find an appropriate space to practice. Ballet is less about learning
the moves and more about perfecting them. The moves themselves are relatively
straightforward, but the positing, the timing, and the elegance required takes a
lifetime of practice. For this reason, it's always better to practice ballet in
a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor, who will be able to
correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly. A dancing
studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what
you 're doing accurately, and a barre for practicing. [1] If you want to
practice at home, make sure you've got enough open space to move freely,
preferably on a hard wood floor. The back of a chair can replace the need for a
bar. Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and see what you
're doing. 

How to Grow Basil Three Methods: Starting Seeds Caring for Basil Harvesting and
Using Basil Basil is easy to grow, and transforms ordinary meals into culinary
treasures! Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried, it actually tastes
different, almost as if it were not the same herb. This article outlines how to
plant and harvest basil. Method 1 of 3: Starting Seeds 1 Choose the kind of
basil you wish to grow. Basil comes in many different varieties, each of which
have a unique flavor and smell. Read up on different types of basil and pick out
one - or several - that appeal to you, then order the seeds or buy them at a
garden store. Here are a few ideas: Cinnamon basil really does smell like the
sweet spice, and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers. Lemon
basil actually contains citral, an aromatic compound found in citrus fruit, and
smells very lemony. Purple basil is often grown for decoration, as well as its
scent and flowers. There are perennial basils which come back year after year,
like African Blue Basil (which has pretty blue veins on its leaves) and Thai
Basil, while most other varieties are annuals, which you'll have to plant year
after year. Globe and Greek basil are much more difficult to grow, but form
pretty little bushes which stay well-contained. 2 Start seed indoors four to six
weeks before last frost. Basil needs warm air and sun to do well, so it's often
easiest to start the seeds indoors instead of risking that they'll get damaged
by frost. If you live in a hot climate, you can start the seeds outside instead.
To figure out when the last frost will be, consult an almanac or talk with other
gardeners in your area. 3 Prepare seed containers. Fill flats or individual seed
containers with a mixture of equal parts perlite, vermiculite, and peat. Press
the mixture slightly to eliminate air pockets. Dampen the mixture with water so
it's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate. 4
Plant the seeds. Drop one to two seeds into each container. Cover them lightly
with soil. Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap, so they stay moist.
Leave the containers in a sunny window. Twice daily, remove the plastic wrap and
sprinkle the containers with more water. 5 Remove the plastic wrap when the
sprouts emerge. When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil,
it's time to remove the plastic wrap. Keep watering the sprouts twice daily,
never letting the soil dry out. When the plants become a few inches tall and
their leaves mature, it's time to transplant them to a larger container. Method
2 of 3: Caring for Basil 1 Transplant the basil plants. Once two sets of leaves
have formed, basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers. Basil
does not tolerate frost so don't plant too early. It's best to put basil
somewhere where it will get a good deal of sunshine and have well-drained soil.
To plant the basil in the garden, dig holes spaced at least 6 inches apart.
Place the roots in the holes and place soil around the stems. Pat down soil
around the plants to eliminate air pockets. If you want to plant the basil in a
container, make sure it's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you
're growing; they need to be planted 6 inches apart, since they grow quite
large. 2 Keep the soil damp, but not soaked. Basil does best in well-drained
soil, and should not be subjected to standing water. Water the mature basil
plants once a day, in the morning, so the water has time to soak in and
evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight. 3 Pinch off flower heads.
When you see flower buds, pinch them and two pairs of leaves under them off.
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor
of the leaves, as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows. This is
called" bolting" and is more likely to happen when there's extra sunshine.
You'll notice that if you leave the flowers, the plant will become lanky and the
leaves won't be as full or tasty. 4 Watch for pests and mold. Basil plants are
attractive to Japanese beetles the best way to control these pests is to pick
them off the plants by hand. If your plants show signs of mold growth, they may
not be getting adequate sunlight, or they may be too close together. Weed out
the smaller plants to give the larger ones more space. Method 3 of 3: Harvesting
and Using Basil 1 Harvest and prune. As the plant matures, pinch off the top two
pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height. If you look closely,
at the base of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if
the stem growing between them is cut off. Cut close to those tiny leaves, but be
sure not to damage them. Pinching encourages the plant's energy to be directed
into its stronger stems and leaves. This helps the plants grow bushy. Don't
pinch on the lower part of the stem, or the basil plants will grow tall and
reedy. You want them to get bushy, so pinch from the top. 2 Enjoy the basil
fresh. Rinse off the leaves and use the basil to make pesto or a Caprese salad
with tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese. 3 Store the basil in the
refrigerator. You'll probably have more basil than you could possibly eat fresh,
so plan on storing some in the fridge. Wash the leaves, dry them well, and wrap
them in paper towels. Place them in a food storage container with an airtight
lid. 4 Freeze the basil. Freezing the leaves whole doesn't work very well, but
if you puree it first you can freeze it for months. Place the basil in a blender
with a little water. Puree it until smooth, then put it in a food storage bag
and freeze until you need it. 

How to Hypnotize a Chicken Anyone who's spent a lot of time on a farm with
chickens is probably familiar with this trick. Those who've never heard of this
will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are
followed. Biologists think that fear causes this "hypnosis," which may be an
attempt to "play dead" to fool predators. Method One of Two: Hypnotizing a
Chicken Hold the chicken down on a flat surface. Hold the chicken with one hand
supporting the breast. Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight
and rests on the ground. Continue to hold its feet so the grand experiment can
continue. You can place the chicken on its breast instead. Press gently down on
its back, and gently move its legs back if it tries to stand up. Wiggle your
finger. Hold the bird down gently with one hand. Put one finger on your other
hand just in front of its beak tip, without touching it. Move the finger
backward to about 4 inches (10 cm) away, then back again. Repeat until the
chicken stops moving or squawking. Let go of its legs. The chicken should be
"hypnotized" and cease to struggle. It will lie there for anywhere from 30
seconds to several minutes. Draw a line in front of its beak instead. If the
chicken wasn't hypnotized, try this alternative. Using chalk, a stick, or your
finger, draw a line on the ground 12 " (30 cm) long. Start near the chicken's
beak and draw the line slowly outward, in front of its head. Wake it up by
clapping. Be nice to your feathered friend and let it get back to its business.
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away.
Method Two of Two: Reducing Stress in the Chicken Understand the hypnotic
effect. Researchers call this effect "tonic immobility". "When a chicken or
another animal with this tendency becomes frightened, its heart rate lowers and
it stops moving. This may be an attempt to play dead, discouraging predators
that prefer live prey. Unlike an opossum, the chicken gives an unconvincing act,
as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way." Keep the chicken
upright or on its side. While it's not uncommon to transport a chicken by its
feet, this upside-down hold risks breaking the chicken's hip. Hypnosis
techniques that involve laying a chicken on its back may "succeed" by cutting
off its air supply. This can cause the chicken significant discomfort, leading
to fainting or even, rarely, death. Keep hypnosis short and infrequent. It's not
completely clear how much stress this hypnosis causes. Even if it does, the
chicken shouldn't suffer as long as you let it go soon afterward. Hours of
stress, or regular exposure to stressful situations, can cause serious health
problems. Get your chickens used to humans and novelty. Even prolonged eye
contact seems to have an effect. Living in stimulating environments with new
objects may also help. Hens raise in battery cages stay "hypnotized" longer,
possibly because of greater fear. Watch for signs of stress. Abnormal
feathering, constant preening, or delays in egg-laying are all signs of a
stressed chicken. While hypnotizing is unlikely to cause serious harm, any type
of stress is more damaging to a chicken in this state. 

How to Annoy People in Elevators An elevator is almost the perfect environment
to be a prankster. It’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a
small, tight space. Because elevator rides usually last less than a minute, make
sure your pranks are quick and have a lot of punch. When annoying people on an
elevator, keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so
that everyone leaving the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell. Method 1
Using the Elevator to Annoy People Push all the buttons. When you get into the
elevator, push the button for every floor. This makes everyone’s ride on the
elevator longer, if only for a few seconds. If you want to take it a step
further, look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets
off at the floors you pushed. [1] When someone comes in, say, "I've got this,"
before you push all of the buttons. You can also push all the buttons as you
reach the floor you are getting off at. If someone asks you why you pushed all
the buttons, you can honestly say, "It was just a joke!" Make a dinging noise at
each floor. Every time the elevator reaches a new floor, say “ding!” very
loudly. You can even sing the word “ding” on each floor like notes in a scale,
getting higher as you reach each new floor. [2] You can make other noises if you
prefer, such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is
pushed. Talk to your reflection in the mirror. Many elevators have mirrors on
the walls. A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running
commentary while you look at yourself in the mirror. You could look at yourself,
turning to catch different angles and say “All right, all right, now we ’re
talking,” very loudly. You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair,
keeping a running dialogue about what look is best for you. Stand in the corner
of the elevator facing the wall. Don't say anything the whole ride. Dance to the
elevator music. Many elevators play music in the background, usually soft rock
or smooth jazz. If you ’re in an elevator that is playing music, start to dance.
Start just bobbing your head and tapping your feet, and then get your whole body
into it. Take up as much space as you can to dance until everyone is staring at
you. [3] Announce every floor. At every floor, make a loud announcement telling
everyone the floor number. Say something like “Everyone going to floor ten, get
off now! No time to dilly dally!” [4] You can also pretend to conduct people
onto the elevator, saying “All aboard the elevator train!” Exclaim that you've
lost a beast. When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top, as
soon as the doors close, exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion
but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator. Most people will probably see
that this is a joke. However, if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is starting
to panic, let them know that you were not being serious. Build in or add
something to the elevator. For example, build a Lego city in the middle of the
elevator. Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they want to play.
Talk to people. When there are a lot of people, say, "You 're probably wondering
why I've gathered you here today." 

How to Flirt Through Instant Messaging So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on
MSN, AIM, Facebook Chat, or any other instant messaging service and you don't
want to look like a creep? Congratulations — by seeking help, you've already
demonstrated more self-awareness than the vast majority of online flirts. See
Step 1 below to start flirting smartly and respectfully. Part 1 of 2: Flirting
Dos Start the conversation casually. As in the real world, the first step to
flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in! Text the other person
a brief message asking them about their day, asking them a specific question
about work or school, or simply saying "Hi!". The hardest part of flirting is to
break through your initial reluctance, so if you 're having a hard time taking
the plunge, just remind yourself that no matter how badly it goes, it'll be less
stressful than an equivalent real-world encounter. There's no reason to be
nervous when it comes to IM flirting — if the person you want to talk to doesn't
want to talk to you, s/he always has the option of simply not responding to your
message, as, from your point of view, this is indistinguishable from him or her
simply being away from the computer. This being said, if you barely know
someone, it can be a good idea to have an excuse for starting a conversation to
avoid awkwardness. Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is
almost always a good bet, as is asking a question about something striking about
the person. For instance, if the person has a band-related username, you might
say: "Hey, cool name. Did you see those guys when they last came to town? "Start
small talk. After your initial greeting and exchange of pleasantries, you'll
probably want to ask how the person's doing (just like you might in the real
world). Ask him or her about work or school, his / her interests, or any recent
trips, for instance. Rather than asking a question, you can also simply offer
your comments on these things. When s/he responds, add your own comments or ask
follow-up questions and proceed from there! Don't pry into his or her personal
life — keep things light, fun, and focused on worry-free subjects. Don't dwell
too long on small talk. A minute or two is great for breaking the ice, but much
more can get boring fast. For example, after we've opened up by asking about
this person's interest in the band in his / her username, it's logical and
reasonable to ask about this person's musical likes and dislikes. You can even
offer your own opinions and suggestions. For instance, you might say something
like: "If you like those guys, you might want to check out this band called
Manic Albatross - they 're like the Beatles, only darker. What sorts of other
bands do you like?" Joke. Everyone likes a good sense of humor. In the immortal
words of Marilyn Monroe, "If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do
anything" (don't worry, ladies — the same is true for men!) Try to be playful
and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you
're talking to. For instance, if you 're asked what you 're up to, rather than
saying, "looking for people to hit on on Facebook" you might find that it's a
better idea to give a sarcastic answer like "writing the great American novel"
or "drowning my sorrows". These responses have the added benefit of being
natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies, like the writing
you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day. In our
example conversation, you might work a joke or two into your music-related small
talk. For instance, you might say something like, "I don't know why every song
on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature. Does he even have time to
record between rehab stints?" Part 2 of 2: Flirting Don'ts Don't be too
self-deprecating. Simply put, confidence is sexy. This is more true for
real-life situations than it is online, but this mantra has some truth in the
world of IM flirting as well. For instance, you'll want to avoid making lots of
jokes at your own expense. Just one is plenty — it shouldn't be a recurring
theme throughout your conversation. Doing this too often can quickly turn an
otherwise flirtatious conversation into one in which you appear needy and
self-loathing. On the other hand, this isn't to say that you should necessarily
make jokes at other people's expense, as this can make you seem mean and petty.
Any sort of pointed or caustic remarks about yourself or someone else don't have
a place in flirtatious conversations. Don't be too sappy. People like flirting
to be fun. For most people, receiving compliments is only fun up to a point —
getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and
self-conscious. It can also make him or her question your motives, leading the
person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her.
Besides, the wooing power of flowery, gushing compliments is diminished (to say
the least) when the compliments are displayed in a tiny box at the bottom of the
screen alongside cartoon smiley faces. Instead of relying too heavily on
compliments, instead, focus on having an engaging, genuine conversation. Follow
the mantra "show, don't tell." In other words, show that you 're attracted to
this person by giving him or her a great conversation, not by stating it
outright. 

How to Make a Glowstick Those glowing Mountain Dew videos with peroxide and
baking soda are all hoaxes. To truly make a glowstick without breaking an
already-made glowstick and shoving its contents into a tube (also known as
cheating), you've gotta let your inner scientist out (along with a few dollars).
If you 're still curious, read on. This is fun for anyone and everyone. Method
One of Two: Using Luminol Put on protective glasses. In addition, wear gloves to
protect your skin. It's also a good idea to not wear your Sunday best. Throw on
some old clothes or put a smock over clothes you want protected. Some of this
stuff is dangerous -- this experiment is not meant for children! Listen up,
kids: You'll be working with a solution that's near a 12 on the pH scale. That
basically means don't swallow it, don't put it in your eyes, don't bathe in it,
and don't really expose yourself to it directly at all. Got it? Moving on.
Combine 50 milliliters of hydrogen peroxide and a liter of distilled water in a
mixing bowl. A ceramic bowl will work best, but plastic works too. Use funnels,
measuring tubes, and basters to keep everything well-measured and well away from
you. Hydrogen peroxide is used to replace the luminol's nitrogen atoms with
oxygen. When that happens, all the substances create a rave and start partying
and electrons fly everywhere and what results? The glow. Mix .2 grams of
luminol, 4 grams of sodium carbonate, .4 grams of copper sulfate, .5 grams of
ammonium carbonate and 1 liter (0.3 US gal) of distilled water in a second bowl.
It is important not to touch the luminol. Use a funnel to make everything safe
and easy. Unfortunately, these hazardous chemicals will not float freely in
mid-air like this graphic suggests. Yep, unless you 're a coroner or some sort
of crazy spy / criminologist you probably don't have this stuff lying around the
house (hopefully not ...). If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick
business (worse ideas exist), try websites like Alfa Aesar [1] or Sigma Aldrich
[2] for supplies. Mix everything well. Don't use your hands -- use a metal or
plastic utensil of some sort. Clean the containers and dry them thoroughly. It's
important to use sanitary, clean tubes for your glowsticks. The last thing you
want is other substances interacting with the reactions you 're depending on to
make the substances glow. Set the correct lid next to each container. This
enables you to seal the containers quickly after filling. It's not like the glow
will get up and run away from you, but still. Combine equal amounts of the first
and second solution in the container and close the bottles. Shake them up once
the lids are on tightly. Then turn off the lights! If it's not already glowing,
something went wrong. Do over! Watch as the chemical compound creates a colorful
glow. Take your glowsticks to the party and charge your friends loads of money
for them! But act quickly ... the glow won't last very long. Expectations
crushed? Method two to the rescue! The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen
peroxide creates doesn't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes. For
something that lasts hours, go to the next method (which is a lot easier to
facilitate if you have access to a laboratory, but it's still worth mentioning).

Method 2 of 2: Using Grammar Name your language. This is the most fundamental
property in all languages. You have many names to choose from. You can even use
a made up word from your made up language like 'Victory' or 'Great Language'.
The choice is all yours. Start off with the highly frequently used words such as
'and' or 'I' or 'one' or 'the'. It is recommend that you use short words since
they are commonly used. An example would be 'ant' for and or 'es' or even 'loo'
for the word 'and'. Start thinking about the grammar rules. For example if the
word Bird is 'Vogelaviatiolap' then why not make the word Birds
'Vogelaviatiolaps' since the suffix 's' is added at the end for most languages
at plurals. If you want to add complication, you can add genders like most
European languages like French and German. For example, if you want the word
'horse' to be a boy, you may want 'the horse' to be 'Mat Fereder', but a 'cat'
to be a girl, you may want, 'the cat' to be 'Fet Kamaow'. Consider basing your
language on an existing language. For example, in my made up language,
'Vogelaviatiolap' means Bird. If you haven't guessed, it comes from the
following: 'Vogel' comes from German, which means bird 'aviatio' comes from
English. It's uncompleted though, because the word is part of the term
'aviation' 'lap' comes from Onomatopoeia. It's a completed term, but it is
supposed to come from 'Flap!' Consider basing some of your words from other
words you have invented. For example, if you invented the word 'China' as
'Khinssa', 'Drink' as 'Bever', and the word 'Accident' as 'Casnondelibreaten',
why not make the word 'tea' as 'Khincasnonbever' or 'Bevernondelibreatekin' or
even 'Khinssacasnondelibreatenibever'! Get inspiration from existing alphabets
and words. Why not add some non Latin Characters such as ß? You can even make
the whole language not based on the Latin Alphabet at all like Chinese! You can
even take some words of languages, altering them or not. You can make the word
'pen' as 'penn' or even 'pen'. Using the dictionary can ensure you not missing a
single word. Keep track of all your Remember to write down your creations! Use
your language. Get used to using it yourself, and spread it to others. Once you
feel confident about your language, experiment and expand: Grab a book / novel
and translate it to your own language. Teach your friends this new language. As
soon as your friends understand your language, communicate to them with it. Be
fluent in your own made up language and start spreading this to your friends,
family and strangers! Write your own poem / novel / story with your own made up
language. If you 're really ambitious, set a goal of helping others become
fluent in the language. One day, maybe you can make it the official language of
a country! Tips Make sure that it is a language that while speaking, you don't
get a literal knot in your tongue! Remember you should know how to write it. For
example we write it from left to right, in Arabic it's right to left, Chinese is
in columns, and so on. Make sure that you and your friend(s) all follow a
systematic language system. In other words, make sure that you follow the same
guidelines. Don't use random letters. It should make some sense, so that it will
be easier to learn and speak with [Example: Don't use oh as e, hello as llo, and
See ya as c yah). Make sure you practice saying and spelling out many basic
words in your language, English examples: is, who, when, of, why, if, what,
where, can, may, etc. When starting off, follow closely to a language you like.
This will make grammar much easier to make. You must avoid simply copying the
grammar rules, however, as this would technically turn your language into a
code. Practice your language frequently so that you don't forget it! Don't
forget punctuation! As a shortcut, and for a bit of interesting background, add
connotation to various letters, preferably vowels. To do this, think of various
words that begin with / have a lot of a certain vowel. For example: austere,
acrimony, ebullient, embolden; in this case, the vowel A might carry with it a
negative meaning, whereas E would be positive. Then, even if you forget your own
words without the help of your dictionary, you could still make a good guess
based on the composition of the letters. Try not to make your words sound like
utter and complete gibberish just add a little extra than our regular English
language. We don't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends.
Just put marks over the letters or make up something right on the spot, you
might have to take some time on this! Basing letters on objects (pictographs) is
an easy way to start a writing system. Try this with a group of friends. It's
much more fun when there are other people that can understand your language.
Email or text your friends the language so that they won't be so confused. When
making a writing system, take a break about every five minutes and come back to
it or all your letters will begin to look identical. If you want to make other
languages, you can use this language as a model and change some letters or
sounds to create a different language. This makes your first language a
proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages. 

How to Pack Your Possessions When Moving Even if you can't wait to live in your
new house, curb your enthusiasm and resist the urge to cram all your possessions
any which way into boxes. Steps Pack one room at a time if possible, and start
with items that are least often used. Write down a list of everything you are
packing, in particular if it's valuable. Books, CDs, expensive clothes. Also,
take note of which item is in which box. Use sturdy boxes. Fill the box to the
brim and seal the lid. That way, you can easily stack boxes on top of one
another. Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it doesn't give way. Never
fill a box until it is so heavy that you can't lift it safely. Spread the heavy
items over a few boxes. Balance boxes with lighter items like towels or soft
toys. Pack the lighter items on top. Use bubble wrap or newspapers when packing
fragile items. However, newsprint may smudge so use newspaper selectively. Clean
paper can be purchased cheaply from moving supply stores. Mark boxes. Boxes
should be marked "Fragile" and "This side up" to prevent mishandling. Label each
box clearly and which room it belongs to. Write on the sides of the box as well.
Pack a separate box of essentials you may need for the first night at your new
house. Include items like toiletries, toilet paper, bottled water, snacks and a
change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time. Tips Don't
label boxes with contents if the contents are valuable. Instead of writing
"Silver Service - Fragile" you should write something that makes it sound less
theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents. Example: "Mom's
old dishes" instead of "Fine China" Tape is cheap. Use lots of it. Close box
bottoms well. Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little
things that came out of something back against it. You'll want to find the right
screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you
get there. Don't pack one box full of books or paperwork - you might not be able
to carry it at all. Fill it halfway with books, and fill it up with lighter
stuff. National superstores (Walmart) will let you walk the store for boxes when
they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am. You can find boxes of all
sizes. Cereal, diaper and houseware boxes are a good size and durable. Just take
a cart and roam the store. They do check the cart as you leave so don't try to
sneak anything past them. U-haul and other nation companies offer box buy back
services. If you buy too many boxes you can return the unused for a full refund.
These boxes are also quite sturdy so you can re-use them or stash in your attic
until you move again. Some national companies even offer free shipping and
handling so you can have some delivered or go to the local location. Fill empty
spaces with additional paper. Throw away or donate junk you don't want to take
to your new place. Don't pack it again!!! Set aside an area of the house where
you can put all the packed boxes. Use a room that isn't used every day such as
the formal dining or living room. You won't be tripping over boxes and you can
have a better idea of what you have and where things are. Pack books and heavy
items into smaller boxes. Digital Photos - use your camera to document the
contents of boxes. 

How to Cope With a Double Parachute Failure While skydiving, it is possible (yet
extremely unlikely) that both your primary and reserve parachutes will
malfunction, leaving you with no method of reducing your velocity. In the vast
majority of cases, this will not occur; nevertheless, in this event these coping
strategies may assist. Steps Remain calm. This may seem obvious, but deep, even
breathing (despite the rushing slipstream) and controlling your heart-rate are
essential to your continued survival. Entreat assistance. If both your primary
and reserve chutes have malfunctioned, signal immediately to a fellow jumper who
has not yet deployed their chute, waving your arms and signalling that your own
is not functional. If this is a solo jump, then skip to step 6. Prepare for
deployment. After linking arms with your fellow jumper, you will need to hook
your arms through their chest strap, or through both sides of the front of their
harness, as far as you can, then grab onto your own strap. Deploy. The shock of
the chute deployment will be intense. The G-forces will multiply your body
weight, making it impossible to hold on; this is why hooking your arms through
the harness is essential. It is likely that the shock will dislocate or break
both your arms; nevertheless this is a small price to pay for your life. Prepare
for impact. If your companion's canopy has successfully opened, then both your
chances of survival have dramatically increased. With a large and slow canopy,
your chances are even better. The canopy must be steered away from power lines
and similar obstructions; try for a large body of water if you are confident
your companion can save you from drowning. Alternative: Lack of companions If
this is a solo jump, which constitutes the minority of skydivers, your only
recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens. In this case,
the excellent advice offered by your instructors on assisting chute opening may
be of assistance to you. If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of
your two parachutes, or that for some other reason they are fatally
non-functional, then the following steps may be of some minor assistance.
Appeal. If you are of a religious turn of mind, you may wish at this point to
offer a prayer to a god, goddess, protective spirit or guardian angel. St Jude,
the patron saint of Lost Causes, comes to mind. Objectively, this is not likely
to help very much; but it may improve your emotional state. If you do not have
any religious beliefs, or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your
patron deity, skip this step. Contemplate. As you approach the Earth at, or
close to, terminal velocity, you may wish to contemplate your past existence,
and the possibility of a future afterlife. A strategy that might prove helpful
is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far.
Alternatively, if life has not been good to you so far, (and considering your
current situation this seems more likely) consider how lucky you are that it
will not be troubling you much longer. Expect impact. You are unlikely to have
the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot, body of water, or other
impact site that might improve your chances of survival. There is a minuscule
chance that your impact will result in non-life-threatening injuries; if this
seems incredibly far-fetched, comfort yourself that double chute failure in
modern times is also extremely unlikely, and that you have already beaten worse
odds. Tips Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and
is moderately less likely to fail; therefore, it may be helpful to focus your
efforts on opening your reserve parachute. Some humans who have, for various
reasons, become aware of their impending death, develop psychological coping
strategies to deal with this; for instance, the Kubler-Ross phases of grief.
Since your own death approaches far more quickly, this is unlikely to be of any
use to you. Warnings Water landings: if you have successfully attached to a
companion whose chute opens, keep in mind that both your arms may be broken or
dislocated, and you may be unable to swim or tread water before your chute fills
and drags you under. If, after total chute failure, you land on something soft,
it is possible that instead of being killed outright, you may be permanently
paralyzed due to spinal injury. If you have a strong aversion to this outcome,
aiming head-downward before impact in the manner of an Olympic diver may ensure
the destruction of your cranium and your immediate demise. 

How to Stop Procrastinating If you 're a chronic procrastinator, you know the
pain and stress that comes with putting things off. Although you may have the
desire to accomplish something, getting the motivation to do it is a different
matter. Fortunately, overcoming your procrastination is easy to do when you put
your mind to it. Side note: If you have anything due right now, and you haven't
finished it, leave this article and complete that work. Steps Create a to-do
list. Yes, make yourself an old fashioned to-do list with check boxes and
everything. List everything, big and small, that you have to do for your entire
day; break big activities into smaller bits if necessary. Then, as you work
through your day, check off each of the items on your list. You will feel a
growing sense of pride as you visually monitor your ever-diminishing list of
projects. Focus your list on including the things you typically put off, not the
things you are sure to do on a regular basis. If necessary, set time-frames for
your items to be done by. For example, list “take the dog for a walk by 12:30”
rather than simply “walk the dog.” Re-evaluate your list halfway through your
day to rank your items based on highest priority. Then, tackle the most
important ones before looking back at the smaller things to do. Keep a notebook
by hand before you start your workday. Write every thought down that comes up
during work. Every single to do or things you want to do at that specific
moment. Don't do it, put it on a list and do it later. This prevents you from
getting into the "procrastination zone." Finish the hard stuff. When you have a
looming project that's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other
areas, tackle it first. Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do
will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things
you’ve been pushing to the side. If your “big project” is something that can’t
be done in one sitting, make a list of small parts of it that you can accomplish
today. Don’t worry about completing the entire thing, but take steps now so that
doing so in the future is a breeze. Make an ultimate to-do list for this single
project, and have it placed somewhere you will see it on a regular basis. As you
mark things off, you will be motivated to continue doing so, and seeing it on a
regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done. Do two-minute
tasks. Whenever you are presented with something that you don’t want to do or
would consider putting off, ask yourself, “will this take me less than two
minutes to finish?” For many of us, this includes small chores, like taking out
the trash or pulling a few weeds, but can include simple tasks in all areas of
life. Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it.
Simply force yourself to use the next 120 seconds to be productive and do the
duty you normally would push off for hours or days. [1]. Create a timed work
frenzy. If you find yourself being pulled off into the depths of daydreams, set
a period of time to do nothing but work. Take ten minutes and remove all
distractions - your phone, magazines, or thoughts of your attractive love - and
go into a working frenzy. Force yourself to work productively for ten minutes,
and then go back to whatever it was you were doing. Chances are, you’ll get into
a groove and keep working at a high pace even when your frenzy time is out.
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the
best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination. The most famous
method of working to strict time controls (known as time-boxing) involves
creating a list of tasks. Each task is then assigned an exact amount of time to
complete. If you don't finish the task in the allotted time, then you move on to
the next one. Using this work arrangement, it forces you to take action, as you
can't afford to waste any time. [2]. Give yourself a break. If you can’t seem to
focus and are working half-heartedly at your tasks, give yourself a brief break.
Set a timer for ten minutes, and take a nap, read a book, or call your friend.
Do whatever it is you’ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is
removed once you get back to work. Just be sure to follow through with your
deadline rather than ignoring it when your alarm finally goes off. 

How to Play Muggle Quidditch In the Harry Potter series written by JK Rowling
the main wizarding sport is Quidditch. However you don't have to have magical
powers to play. There are many different ways of playing Quidditch, but the most
commonly used set of rules are those given by the International Quidditch
Association (which can be found here). In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly
been played at colleges in the US, but over the last few years there has been a
dramatic rise in the number of community teams. Quidditch has also spread
outside of America and is now played on 5 continents. Steps Gather all needed
materials and players (see Things You'll Need section below). Know that all
players can play while riding a broom. Brooms can be a hindrance however, so
feel free to not use brooms. Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle
of the field. Ideally the quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so
that they are easier to throw and catch. Start the game. Both teams start from
the edges and attempt to obtain the quaffle and bludgers. Follow your duty
depending what type of player you are: Chasers try to score by throwing the
quaffle into one of the three goal hoops. Each score is worth 10 points. Beaters
try to peg players with their bludger. If a player is pegged they have to stop
what they 're doing and pay a penalty; i.e. (drop the quaffle in the case of a
chaser) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively sit down for
10 seconds. Keepers guard the goal posts at each end and attempt to block
chasers' attempts at scoring. If Keeper is close to their hoops they are safe
from being hit by bludgers. Seekers try to tackle the snitch (a person) or
obtain an object attached to the snitch such as a sock or flag. You can
establish you own rules as to how a player catches the snitch. A common way to
play is to make the snitch a person, and give the snitch a head start to run and
hide in defined boundaries. Then the seekers search for the snitch, and attempt
to tag the player. Other methods, such as the method adopted in 2005, makes the
snitch a tennis ball in a sock, hanging out of the running shorts of the snitch
runner. Regardless of method, the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her
team, unlike the books, in which the snitch is worth 150 points. The creators of
Muggle Quidditch thought that it was worth too many points so changed the value
of the snitch for muggle Quidditch. The snitch, generally a track runner, runs
around (usually the boundaries) trying to evade the seekers. The referee should
ensure that rules are being followed. They also keep track of the score. Play
the game! The object of the game is to score the most points and the game ends
when the seeker snatches the snitch. Feel free to alter the game rules. See the
Tips section for suggestions. Video How to Play a Real-Life Game of Quidditch
You don't need flying broomsticks or magic balls to play this version of the
game - it's tailor-made for muggles like us. This video shows a more realistic
approach to playing Quidditch. Tips Alternatively the snitch can be a small
yellow ball (tennis balls work great) that is hidden before the game starts by a
bystander or referee. Establish boundaries and have the seekers look for the
snitch. Beaters can try hitting the bludgers around in the air with a shortened
hockey sticks or a short bat. They could also use regular-length hockey sticks
to hit bludgers (perhaps wiffle balls) on the ground. The simplest way is to
just peg players by throwing dodge balls. It may be easier to play without
brooms (but also less fun!). Remember that the snitch runner, if you choose to
use one, is not an actual player in the game, therefore, not bound by any of the
rules. If desired, the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid
capture. See How to Be a Snitch in Quidditch for more information. You can play
water quidditch in a pool. Almost all the same rules apply. Have someone throw
something (the snitch) on a line into the pool at regular intervals. They can
even use fake snitches. You can buy authentic looking brooms to make the game
more realistic. There is a very large Quidditch community, have a look at the
IQA website to find teams near you. One variation is Quarter Snitch Quidditch.
Find a quarter or another small coin. Have both of the teams turn around and
have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams aren't
looking. Play while the seekers look for the snitch. Another variation is where
the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field (in this case it's a small
ball). The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded, relying only on the
coach's instructions, while the game is still on. Warnings Stay hydrated and
exercise wisely. A ball flying in the air can hurt. If you 're playing quidditch
you 're probably just having fun so play nicely. Things You'll Need 15 players
14 brooms Field (or big backyard) 3 goal hoops per team Referee (optional) Color
coded shirts or capes for houses, black for referee 3 Bludgers (dodge balls,
water balloons, wiffle balls etc.) 1 Quaffle (volleyball, Frisbee, soccer ball,
etc.) 1 Snitch (person) Each team is composed of: 3 Chasers 2 Beaters 1 Keeper 1
Seeker 

How to Prepare Quinoa Quinoa is known as the little rice of Peru. The Incas
treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as "chisaya mama" or "mother
of all grains." [1] By tradition, the Inca emperor would sow the first seeds of
the season using "golden implements." Quinoa is rich in protein and much lighter
than other grains. It is much easier to prepare than rice and is rapidly gaining
in popularity, especially among vegetarians who value its high protein levels.
Ingredients 1 cup quinoa 2 cups water (or broth) Olive oil to taste (Optional)
1/2 teaspoon salt (Optional) Method 1 Cooking On A Stove Top Rinse the grains of
quinoa in water. You can skip this step if you have purchased pre-rinsed quinoa
in a box. To rinse, place the measured grain in a strainer under running water
for a few minutes. This is necessary to remove the excess saponins on the
outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to quinoa if not removed.
Toast quinoa in a saucepan (optional). Drizzle a bit of olive oil in a pan over
medium-high heat. Add the quinoa and cook for about 1 minute. This brings out
quinoa's nutty flavor. Cook the quinoa. Place two parts water or stock to one
part of quinoa in a saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil. Cover
and reduce heat to low. Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the
grain becomes translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the
exterior of the quinoa grain. Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the
germ, in the same way as pasta. Quinoa will continue cooking for a bit even
after you take it off the heat. Take the quinoa off the heat and let stand,
covered, for 5 minutes. This will give it time to absorb any moisture that might
still be in the pan. Uncover and fluff with a fork. The quinoa should look light
and fluffy, and you should be able to see the germ separating from the seed.
Serve. Freshly cooked quinoa should be served immediately to retain nutritional
value and a good flavor. Serve with: Stir-fry, using the quinoa as a substitute
for rice. Curry. Braised meat. In a salad. Virtually any other combination you
can think of! Method 2 Cooking In a Rice Cooker Rinse 1 cup of quinoa in a fine
mesh sieve under cold water. If you bought packaged quinoa, this step isn't
always necessary, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Pour quinoa into rice
cooker. One option is to toast the quinoa before placing in the rice cooker. See
Step # 2 in Method One above for directions. Add 2 cups of liquid and 1/2
teaspoon of salt into the rice cooker. Water, chicken stock or broth, or
vegetable stock all work. Cook for approximately 15 minutes. Some rice cooker
will have different settings instead of a simple "cook" option. Try the "white
rice" option if your rice cooker gives you several options. Let stand for about
5 minutes. Fluff with a fork and serve. Method 3 Cooking In the Oven Preheat
oven to 350 ° F (177 ° C). Arrange rack in the middle of the oven. Rinse quinoa
thoroughly in a fine mesh seive under cold water. In a medium saucepan, heat up
2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium-low heat. Add onions, peppers,
mushrooms, or any other type of desired vegetable or herb into the saucepan
(optional). Cook onions until they are translucent, but not burned. Sweat the
peppers or vegetables along with the onions. Add the quinoa and salt to the
saucepan, stirring until completely incorporated. This should take no longer
than 30 seconds. Add one cup of broth and one cup of water to the saucepan and
bring to a boil over medium high heat. Once a boil is reached, transfer quinoa
to a 8-by-8-inch baking dish. [2] Spread out quinoa evenly and cover baking dish
completely with aluminum foil. Cook the quinoa in the oven for roughly 20
minutes, or until most of the liquid is gone. Remove the aluminum foil from the
baking dish, add cheese or other seasonings, and bake for an additional 5
minutes. After 5 minutes, the quinoa should be fully cooked. Serve and enjoy! 
